 the establishment seems to be spilt in two restaurants one sit in and one take out.	0
the establishment was clean and staff were friendly and patient.	0
we stopped by on a saturday night and were quite impressed with the service and food.	0
you cant go wrong with any of true thai noodle entrees and salads.	0
everyone in out party was quite pleased with their orders and will be definite coming again.	0
the thai food was really tasty and good.	0
i had the chicken drunken noodles and it was on spot spicy and flavorful.	0
however its not a huge place but seems authentic and intimate.	0
ive order from here several times but this was my second time actually seating down in the actually restaurant and realizing ive never written a review on it.	0
the ambulance here is calm small candles dim lighting an excellent place to bring a date.	0
once my girlfriend and i got here we order drinks.	0
i ordered the white peach sangria which is sweet and a decent amount of alcohol and she got the pineapple margarita which she didnt like much because there wasnt enough alcohol or like she would say not strong enough.for the appetizer we started with the shrimp in a blanket which is basically four shrimp rolls served with plum sauce.	0
absolutely tasty id highly recommend it.	0
for dinner we decided to share the fried red snapper topped with chili sauce served with jasmine rice.	0
we ordered an additional rice because they are one cup full and thats not enough rice for two.	0
id recommend getting it fillet to avoid bones but the fried fish was delightful the chili sauce is what made the fried fish so delectable.	0
the taste is a mix between sweet and spice and it has red chili pepper red and green jalapeos which make it savory.	0
i highly recommend it.	0
this is my thai met a friend after work at this spot and we ordered more than a small table could handle.	0
the crab fried rice had huge chunks in it.	0
the papaya salad had just the right amount of spice.	0
the pad thai was a marriage of the sweetest flavors.	0
because of the amount of food i had to take home the curry but i was able to have the best leftovers the next day.	0
i came in on a sunday night.	0
the restaurant was quite full but there were still a couple of small tables available.	0
my friend and i werent very hungry so we decided to share the raw shrimp salad and the sauteed chinese broccoli with roasted pork.	0
many of the other yelp reviews were raving about the raw shrimp salad which gained popularity after being featured in the nytimes.	0
if other people had only good things to say then we knew we had to get it.	0
the dish itself is fairly simple  butterflied raw shrimp topped with a chili mixture a slice of raw garlic a slice of bittermelon sprinkled with fish sauce and garnished with a handfull of raw carrots.	0
the dish exploded with a perfect harmony of flavors.	0
the chilis pack a powerful punch so only attempt if you can take the heat or just ask for it on the side.	0
however i just could not get over the texture of the shrimp.	0
the shrimp were large chewy and slightly slimy.	0
i know thats how theyre supposed to be but im not a fan of that texture and if you arent either then i wouldnt recommend ordering this dish.	0
while the shrimp seemed fresh i doubt that they were sushi grade.	0
they also left the vein and tail on the shrimp which i was not a fan of.	0
the dish comes with seven pieces of shrimp but in my opinion one per person would have been enough.	0
the sauteed chinese broccoli with roasted pork is my friends favorite and number one recommendation.	0
the dish was well made and flavorful.	0
the chinese broccoli was the real winner of the dish.	0
while the pork was crispy and withstood the sauce well the meat was on the dry side.overall all the dishes we ordered were tasty.	0
im not rushing to order those two again but because the flavors were good i bet their other dishes will be just as yummy.	0
my all time favorite authentic thai place to go to i travel all the way from brooklyn each time super worth it highly recommended food in the order of must gets duck penang  spicy larb  spicy morning glory guay diew nam tok thai ice tea catfish saladhonestly i think this place is better than sripraipri best thai place ever  and its next to khao kang  ayala thai came in on a friday night and the place wasnt pack.	0
got seated quickly.	0
the waitress with braids took our order.	0
we were seated for a while before i started noticing other people who were seated after us got all of their food.	0
i was getting paranoid.	0
i let it slide by when one group got food first but when the second group got their food i flagged down our waitress and ask if she can check up on our food.	0
it was then 20 minutes later that she submitted our food request to the kitchen.	0
worst she didnt even come back to us to tell us that it will be another moment she just totally ignored us.	0
so i flagged down another waitress and asked about it she helped me check and she told me it will be one more moment.	0
our original waitress did not acknowledged us and did not apologize for her mistake as she forgot to place our order and did not take responsibility for it.	0
food came flying out afterwards.	0
she submitted the order 20 minutes later and food came out in 5 minutes.	0
this was unacceptable customer service by the first waitress.	0
we ordered tom kha chicken soup the coconut milk adds in a lot of flavor and all ingredients goes well together in this soup except for the raw onions.	0
drunken noodle beef i ordered mild for spiciness and mild became very spicy.	0
crispy pork with chinese broccoli this was recommended by the new york times.	0
pork pieces and the vegetable were crisp.	0
thai ice tea not enough tea flavor food was okay but need to work on service here.	0
great ambience good service.	0
food is served quickly ordered the tomzap soup drunken noodle and thai ice tea drunken noodle is delicious one of the best stir fry noodle in the neighborhood but the soup is alittle of disappointment overpowered with fish sauce and lime lack the sweetness and fragrance of the aromatic vegetable in it.	0
overall great experience and recommend to dine here the area here youll find a thai restaurant on every corner but ayada stands out from the rest.	0
heres why the place  the establishment is 2 storefronts  that goes to show how many people come here and trust me its gets packed too the seating is regular it isnt spacious so expect to be close to your neighbor while eating.	0
atmosphere  chill  casual service  they have multiple people working.	0
ive never seen it understaffed but i had one incident where the english was pretty off and it was slightly difficult to convey your order.	0
it can be easily remedied by requesting another person.	0
food  appetizer  ordered a raw shrimp salad.	0
if youve never had it try it but get it mild or non spicy because the spice will numb your tongue.	0
i would compare the taste of the raw shrimp to a japanese bonto shrimp.	0
creamy and fresh.	0
entree the duck pad thai  cant go wrong with pad thai and how often do you see duck served with it you get about half a duck over the pad thai and it came out crispy and juicy which complemented the noodles well.	0
portion was big youll have left overs.	0
drink thai iced tea i feel like they are the same everywhere.	0
it didnt stand out to me and it was too sweet.	0
i would skip.	0
the menu is extensive so youll have to make multiple trips here to try everything.	0
so far ive enjoyed it multiple times.	0
i recommend .	0
a great spot for dinner with family or friends.	0
we had a party of 5 and got seated right away at 730pm but it got crowded after even on a monday.	0
make sure your party is all there or a few minutes away or else they wont seat you yet.	0
they have two store fronts and im not sure if its connected.	0
it was kind of confusing for me to pick which door to enter.	0
the bean thread noodle with chicken soup was a bit bland for me.	0
i usually get this at boonchu and its so good there.	0
i wouldnt order this again here but the crispy pork with chili and basil was so good highly recommend it along with a side of chicken rice chicken flavored and a fried egg.	0
the dish comes with a rice on a side as well and the chicken rice was extra 2.also please double check your checks.	0
the suggested tip is the  after the tax was added.	0
this should be for pretax.	0
theres only street parking here.	0
i went at 3pm on a saturday and found parking right away.	0
theres also 2 entrances 1 for dine in and the other is take out but you can also dine there.	0
i didnt even notice the restaurant was separated so we were immediately seated in the takeout part.	0
the dine in area has a more cozy look to it with wooden tables and seats.	0
theres also fairy lights which gives the place a great look.	0
i got the thai ice tea and drunken noodles.before ordering my meal i asked about to level of spiciness.	0
my tolerance for spicy food is amazing and i got the medium it was perfect for me however for someone who isnt accustomed to very spicy food stay away from spicy get mild or medium trust me i loved the amount of flavor in this dish paired with shrimp it was amazing.	0
the servicer was so friendly and gave helpful suggestions.	0
she recommended the crab rolls they were good but lacked some flavor and were a tad dry.	0
my friend got the pad thai and said it was just okay.	0
lastly  fulll bar one of the few thai places i can reccomend  come here for great hangover food or just a casual dinner.	0
place has become very famous since theyve opened and recently took over the next door space to extend accommodationtried their usual popular thai dishes.	0
my favorite so far is their fried calamari for apps pad ki goa i think its a mix of seafood with flat noodles  added beef.	0
their iced tea is delicious and so far havent found another thai place offering the penang steak dish.	0
food is of generous portions and comes out fairly quick.	0
overall deff a jewel in the neighborhood.	0
reccomend service is excellent.	0
ever since ive been introduced to ayada ive never felt the same eating at other thai restaurants.	0
this place is amazing.	0
to start off parking can be difficult.	0
i usually find after circling the blocks several times so be prepared to do that unless youre lucky you cant really go wrong with the food dishes.	0
as for appetizer my favorite is the raw shrimp.	0
if you can handle spicy go for it it comes with a spicy sauce bitter melon and garlic chunks.	0
eat it all together and i guarantee youll love it.	0
youll also have kicken breath.	0
as for entrees i usually opt for the drunken noodle with beef on the mild spicy level.	0
mild spicy is already good enough for me.	0
they have regular mild spicy spicy and thai spicy.	0
the thai ice teas are also very tasty.	0
honestly id eat everything on the menu.	0
when you order a dish that has spicy level theres four levels mild medium spicy thai spicy.their spice is no joke.	0
we couldnt even handle the medium without taking large gulps of water and thai ice tea.soup noodle was good loved the pork pieces.wings were crisp and crunchy.	0
the noodles from the drunken noodle was fresh and it stale at allthis restaurant located in a block with 3 thai restaurants.	0
i will compare the three when i visit the other two.	0
eaten here over 20 times and the food is better than most thai spots in queens.	0
recommend cant go wrong with this place.	0
ive gotten food from here twice already and its been great each time.	0
i always check if a thai place is good by ordering their pad thai and let me tell you... it was good haha only complaint i would have is that when you enter theres a really strong odor.	0
dont really know what it was but its smelled like that both times we came in but thats about the only negative to this place.	0
a must try ayada 55you know how sometimes you eat the most delicious thing and really get eager to share just how amazing it is with the rest of the world as i often write thai is one of my favorite cuisines a perfect amalgamation of sweet sour bitter salty savory and spicy thai food really has it all.	0
despite all the punchy and powerful flavors there is beauty in balance.	0
lesser restaurants only caricaturize thai food cheapening their food by overplaying certain elements uncoupling the harmonious and tightly woven quilt of flavors into its blaring and bland components.	0
thus stands ayada by and far the best thai restaurant in nyc.	0
without too much glim or glamor ayada seizes the crown with irresistible flavors that tantalize taste buds and leave welled tears in their wake are these tears from the spice or are these tears of joythai iced tea 55 wonderful balance between the sweet creaminess off condensed milk and earthy bitterness of the tea.	0
absolutely recommended and the best thai tea around nyc.duck panang curry 55 the curry was lush and incredibly flavorful without being overly seasoned.	0
most curries tend to be too salty but the panang curry at ayada walks that thin line between salty and wellseasoned.	0
the duck was a little too fried and chewy at the ends but the curry overrode any negativity.drunken noodles 55 the drunken noodles were absolutely delicious and i cannot find much fault with it other than that it was maybe just a touch too sweet and im reluctant to even say that this is also the best in nyc.seafood mango salad 4.55 there are many many many upsides to the seafood mango salad.	0
most impressively the seafood was perfectly cooked shrimp was delicately and not rubbery the squid was tender but not springy and the mussel was just barely soft.	0
the cashew and peanuts offered a nice crunch to the seafood and worked alongside the onions to help tone down the dressing.	0
that being said i found the dressing to be a little too salty for me.northern thai sausage 4.55 the sausage is served with fresh slices of ginger onion and chilies as well as crushed peanuts.	0
it was spicy and bursting with flavor and juice.	0
however i am giving it 4.55 not because of any deficiencies of its own but because i am not the biggest fan of sausage in general...pad thai 45 the pad thai was perhaps my least favorite thing at ayada but even then it far surpasses what most other thai restaurants around nyc have to offer.	0
the sour tamarind sweet sugar and salty fish sauce were all balanced against each other but i just wish that each of the flavors were a little stronger.	0
perhaps it was because i was eating it after the punchy mango salad but i found the pad thai just a little lackluster.	0
my codiner who normally is not the biggest fan of pad thai really loved it thoughcrispy pork with chinese broccoli 55 much like the duck the crispy pork can be overcooked at times leaving an unpleasant tough and leathery texture.	0
make sure to let these sit in the sauce a little longer the chinese broccoli and the sauce however were the perfect accompaniment to the pork and it was especially delicious over rice.altogether ayada thai is without a doubt the best thai restaurant in nyc.	0
now it would be great if they would move closer to my home... being someone of southeast asian descent new to new york and missing food from home  i came across ayada thai.	0
papaya salad is one of my favorite dishes and something i ate often back at home from nc  i will usually make it or go to my favorite restaurants and shops  ive been really craving it and was referred to this restaurant from a foodie blogger.	0
everything i ordered was absolutely delicious and tasty.	0
the authentic thai flavor was spot on.	0
i was so tired from ordering fromthai restaurants and constantly be disappointed by its watered down  americanized flavors.	0
im used to aromatic earthy spicy herbal packed food bursting with flavors and ayada is one of my favorites i live in brooklyn but i will always travel out to queens just for ayada.	0
the beef appetizer and fish cake was amazing.	0
if you want a spicy challenge get the papaya salad in thai spicy  just beware 4 stars only because of prices.	0
the food is delicious here and the staff are very attentive.	0
the decor here is so cute the waiter even added candles to each table as it was nearing 7pm.	0
i came here because it was recommended to me.	0
we got here around 6pm on a wednesday and there were many tables.	0
we were sat down at a table that fits 4 people.	0
there were many other more comfortable spots around but we got the little island table with hard chairs.	0
the waiter asked us more than once if we want to order drinks but im not a huge fan of thai iced tea which every single other person in the restaurant was drinking.	0
we ordered the fish green mango fillet and a panang curry duck.	0
i wanted to try things that were famous in the ny times.	0
why am i like this i followed in the footsteps of former yelpers and hoped that the food was goodi had asked the female waitress if there were any dishes with more garlic flavor because i enjoy garlic and she couldnt name a single one.	0
shame.	0
anyway for both the dishes we ordered we got both at mild because i have a sore throat and didnt want to make it worse.	0
also thanks to the previous yelpers for warning me that this place doesnt mess around with their menus chilli pepper signs my boyfriend and i enjoyed every bite of our food.	0
the duck wasnt the most aesthetically pleasing but to my surprise it was so good.	0
i even ordered one to go for my family silly me thinking it was only 11 a dish...what.	0
anyway the duck tasted like it was bathed in curry.	0
it was so rich and soft.	0
the fish dish looked really good.	0
i was a bit hesitant to order it because it was 30 for one fish.	0
the flavors of the salad covering it was so refreshing.	0
it was a little spicy with lime juice and onions.	0
there were also raw baby tomatoes in the dish which isnt something you normally see in asian food.	0
i felt pressured into ordering this because i wanted to order another meat panang but the waiter said i already had the duck and suggested that i order the fish.	0
uh... overall the food here is more fitting for an anniversary date or graduation celebration than a regular night out but its good food.	0
the tip options for the receipt had a minimum of 18. and according to other yelp reviews the waiters count it and ask you for more if you dont give them the 18i saw that the 2 larger tables near us were reserved.	0
good to know for next time.	0
the bathroom was nice.	0
there was a huge mirror and nice sink.	0
the lighting is pretty dim in there.i ordered a duck panang to go and the paper and plastic bags were oily by the time i got home even though i didnt tilt it.	0
there needs to be better packaging to people can enjoy their food at home i brought it all this way to long island and half the curry is in the bag.	0
upset is an understatement.	0
every thai restarurants have their unique taste that attracts their customer back i have been eating at sripraphai thai restaurant for many years and its one of my favorite place to go to.	0
i came here with my friends one day with a friend of mine recommendation.	0
boy im glad i tried this place out.	0
i rarely thought about trying basil fried rice with seafood because...im asian and can make authentic fried rice at home i was wrong... this is the best fried rice i ever tasted so far sorry mom.	0
it was sooo goood if you ever got a chance try basil fried rice with seafood.	0
fried fish with garlic sauce was great as well it was recommended.	0
steam fish has more bone fried one was already cut and fried in pieces.	0
a bowl of rice came with it.	0
i did not like their ice tea much i like it from sripraphai restaurant better.	0
its too sweet here.	0
pad thai was okay.	0
papaya salad is good taste like any other places.	0
their seafood with cashew was really good a bowl of rice came with it.	0
the bill came out around 80. the food taste different from other thai places but its good.	0
willing to go back.	0
there are way too many options for thai food in this area.	0
ive been to over 56 locations but ayada is the best ive had so far.	0
portions are generous food is fresh and restaurant space also expanded thus less wait time.	0
service can vary depending on the day but typically the workers are friendly.	0
ive seen them communicate with people who dont know much about thai food...i feel they are not so great at recommending items but so its always good to ask the people sitting around you.	0
overall highly recommended with my most recent visit id figured it was time for an update.	0
first time coming by  we had to wait for a table always sucks to wait but wait time was maybe 10 minutes no biggie.	0
once seated i started with drinks i noticed they had some chang beer so excited because of my recent visit to thailand i had told myself i needed to find a place that had this beer so glad its here loved this beer great tasting  not heavy.later on i tried the lycheee lemonade wow very good nice taste.	0
food wise had the crab wontons very good nice dipping sauce still love the calami as well.	0
main dish i had the chicken pad thai .. delicious nice size dish taste wise very good.	0
the thai fried rice also very good food here definitely reminded of my trip very good  authentic to thailand.	0
only problem here is parking it can be a hit or miss depending on the time of your visit service has always been good quick  decent prices overall makes this place a delicious option.	0
i decided to up the stars simply because so far the food has yet to disappoint.	0
tbh i avoided ayada for a while since my last review before it started going through what i refer to as sripraphaiism  you know when you buy the up half of the block and expand i really doubted that expansion could have done anything good for this place.unfortunately i was right.	0
i gave the place another try not because i wanted to but because i was with a friend and khao kang didnt take plastic.	0
so we ended up here.	0
and i was disappointed.	0
the decor was great but you could tell that the food was not going to be.	0
how could a thai restaurant positioned in queens main thai neighborhood not have any thai diners inside it except for me after seating ourselves and waiting for one of the two waitresses to gossiping with one another by the bar to come to us i found out.	0
over the years the food went from amazing to ok. to meh.	0
the food wasnt thai anymore.	0
sorry folks thai people dont eat pad thai let alone vegetarian pad thai.	0
and then there was the tom yum soup was way too sweet and it came luke warm.	0
but since they waitresses were busy chatting with their backs turned to the entire dining room we just made do.	0
yep that service was beyond disappointing.	0
8 minutes for someone to get us a spoon 14 minutes for a check.	0
im glad we werent in a rush.youre out ayada.	0
i miss the old days.	0
so sad.	0
i enjoyed it here.	0
it was a great lunch spot.	0
the lunch specials were priced very well and i loved my pad see ew.	0
it was the right sweetness and i had shrimp.	0
the texture and taste was really good.	0
we also had fried calamari with a great sauce.	0
this is my go to thai place.	0
the menu advertises that they are new york times recommended.	0
the food is really good lots of sophisticated flavors and spices.	0
the decor is nice the lighting is dim with candles on each table.	0
i love the food.	0
i usually get either the larb salad or the crispycatfish salad.	0
i would say i like the larb salad better because the crispy catfish salad seems to be mostly made up of flakes of fish instead of the actual meaty part so its not as filling but the flavor combos of the spice and mango are great.	0
beware if you order thai spicy they will really give you super thai spicy.	0
ive had many authentic thai and indian dishes but the super thai spicy larb salad really set my mouth on fire.	0
it was tasty so i kept on eating in some masochistic way but then had to order 3 thai iced teas to extinguish the fire.	0
took the leftovers and still ended up eating it at home but this time in smaller bites.	0
first and foremost ayada is a killer value.	0
you can probably feed four adults for around 30.as for quality my dishes  penang curry pad kra prow and papaya salad  were good but not mindblowing.	0
to be fair that may be because i avoided some of the recommended dishes  such as raw shrimp crispy fish and sour curry with omelette  that didnt sound like theyd travel well for takeout back to manhattan.definitely a tasty spot and worth trying.	0
food was good nothing fantabulous.	0
quick service.	0
average prices.	0
my pad thai had a little too much sauce for my liking.	0
i started to feel queasy after a while... manhattan vibes with queens serving portions and price whats not to love ordered 2 thai iced teas 2 shrimp tom yum soups a chicken pad thai and a chicken pad krow pow.	0
the shrimp soup was wonderful.	0
the shrimp were tender the mushrooms were fresh and it didnt smell in that weird way.	0
the chicken pad thai was delicious as well it didnt have that stank... that stanky stinky sauce that defines cheap thai places.	0
although we asked for the pad krow pow to be medium spice it was more of a mild so i recommend asking for spicy if you like your spice i also highly recommend asking for the chili sauce as well it is just pairs so well with the chicken dishes.all the entrees are perfect to share the portions are huge you will probably end up packing up the food to take home great place will come here again especially because the waitress kept refilling my water my favorite thai place in the area so far i will update this comment if i find something better.	0
one of our favorite thai places in nycraw crab papaya salad 5 stars one of the best renditions weve had and one of only 2 places in the city to get this dish.	0
plus they are extremely generous with the amount of crab included.	0
raw shrimp salad 4.5 stars our second favorite dish of the night.	0
more places are now offering this but the quality of the shrimp here is one of the best in the city.	0
it does come with raw garlic raw bittermelon and raw carrots none of which really go with the shrimp but the chili sauce that is on the shrimp is on point.kang som sour curry 4.5 stars very savory with just enough tang to keep you on your toes.	0
surprisingly the jumbo shrimp were very tender definitely not overcookedtom yum 4 stars solid.	0
again shrimp were very tender.	0
only critique was mushroomswhite button mushrooms appeared to have been thrown in last minute therefore leaving the stems a bit raw like have a piece of mediocre salad bar mixed with in the otherwise lovely soup.thai iced tea 4.5 stars one of the best renditions although it does seem that thai places have been upping their thai iced tea game recently.	0
could really taste the tea and it wasnt too sweet.service 5 stars super nice do expect a 2030 min wait for 2 during rush hour we went on a sunday around 730pm awesome thai fooddrunkman noodles were amazing pad thai was great just a little bit dry could use more saucethai iced tea was nicethis place is like arunee thai on 79th and 37th ave. i came here for lunch during a training at a nearby hospital.	0
i was quickly seated and given menus.	0
i choose the lunch special which consisted of a soup or salad i chose salad an entree i chose pad thai and a spring roll for 7.50.	0
7.50 i couldnt believe it.	0
the salad was a side salad portion and had this amazing peanut dressing on it  seriously the best peanut dressing ive had.	0
then the entree and spring roll came out and it was the perfect lunch time portion.	0
i was amazed by how fast the food came out too  i was in and out of there in 30 minutesi took a star off because the decorambiance isnt memorable but who cares  come for the food and the pad thai was delicious but a little sweet.	0
in addition i asked for my pad thai to be spicy and it seemed like they hadnt added any spice to it.	0
but overall i was satisfied happy and for 7.50 i certainly was not disappointed.	0
this is our favorite thai restaurant in all of ny.	0
been here so many times so a review is long overdue.	0
the best and most authentic thai food you can get.	0
service is super fast here a little too fast actually.	0
by the time you receive your cocktail the food is already on the table before you can get half way.	0
make sure to order your food after youre at least halfway through your alcoholic beverages.	0
cost here is super affordable especially for the quality that you are getting.for starters bbq beef and pork tenders are very tasty and cooked to perfection.	0
very moist and flavorful.	0
the jaew sauce is amazing as well.	0
big portion enough to be shared.	0
tom yum soup here is the best.	0
its extra sour and spicy with the perfect balance.	0
favorite dishes are the drunken noodle mango salad with seafood papaya salad sauted catfish pad kra prow with crispy pork and pad thai.	0
everything is good get everything a friend and i came around 7pm on a weekday and the place was almost fully packed and pretty loud.	0
we were immediately greeted by the hostess and got to order our food.	0
portions are definitely larger than what youd get in the city for the same price.	0
i definitely had a great meal here shrimp tom yum one of my favorite thai dishes.	0
5 a little pricier for small bowl of soup but they did not skimp out on shrimp or mushrooms.	0
their tom yum could be kicked up a notch in terms of spice but overall very good.	0
duck panang curry i love thai currys because theyre so fragrant.	0
i heard this dish is one of their popular ones and knew i had to try.	0
21 a little on the steeper side.	0
i guess duck is a bit more of a delicacy lol.	0
we got this with medium spicy because my friend cant handle it as well and heard from other reviewers that their spice levels are more than average.	0
i gotta say i was disappointed in the spiciness my friend thought so too.	0
i wish it was more spicy but the curry was delicious and the duck was crispy and not too hard.	0
i wish they served this in a bowl rather than a plate cause it was kind of hard to scoop it from a plate.	0
pad thai a traditional thai dish that i dont think any thai restaurant can mess up.	0
the dish is 9 but we got the crispy pork as our protein for 3 more.	0
i imagined the crispy pork to be a little more like the roast pork you see in chinese places with the crunchy skin but this wasnt the same.	0
it was still good but the pork was a little too hard for my liking.	0
the pad thai dish was solid though.	0
love it with lime yuuuum.	0
thai tea 3 pretty average price.	0
this was standard and im glad we shared between two ppl because it was a little toooo sweet for me.	0
maybe ill ask for more ice next time.	0
lychee mojito you have to ask for a drink menu since they dont automatically give it to you.	0
you should definitely get a large for only 1 more as it is maaaaassive.	0
total came out to be 12. the drink was really drink but also the lychee juice gave it a subtle sweetness.	0
if you love lychee flavored stuff youll like thiswhite coconut mojito this one was interesting.	0
since its on the creamy side i thought it would mask the alcohol taste more.	0
but it was still pretty strong.	0
they top the drink with coconut flakes at the top and this was really good too.	0
its not as sweet as the lychee but definitely an interested take on the mojito.	0
same thing here get the large for only 1 moregive ayada a try if youre ever in the neighborhood or in queens in general.	0
you definitely wont be disappointed with the food ive started coming back again looks like they realized that food was lacking flavor and fixed it.	0
happy for them and happy for me.	0
came here with my sister.	0
we were both starving and wanted thai.	0
we decided to get a lot of food and shocker it was too much she got her drunken noodles.	0
the portion was huge it was wonderfully spicy.	0
great food.	0
i got my jungle curry and was so happy with it.	0
the bowl which the jungle curry came in was enormous.	0
it was so filling and spicy.	0
the calamari we ordered was piled high on the plate.	0
freshly fried and so delicious.	0
the sauce that came with it was the sweet chilli sauce.	0
the wings id say was a bit excessive.	0
the food is spot on and the portions are huge.	0
the prices are very reasonable and overall a memorable experience.	0
wow where do i start ive been craving thai for such a long time so i had to choose a yummy place and i am so glad i chose this.	0
the spring rolls first of all were a surprise.	0
there were 5 or 6 of them most ive ever had as an appetizer the thai iced tea was super good wish it was a bigger portion.	0
the duck salad was super expensive since it was half a duck but it was definitely worth it.	0
i loved the crispiness of the duck and the salad had a tangy taste to it.	0
it was a bit too spicy for me but my company enjoyed it.	0
the chicken pad thai was perfect.	0
straight to the point it satisfied my craving.	0
the chicken drunken noddle was a bigger portion than other places so that was cool.	0
it was good too.	0
the eggplant was really good but the minced chicken was kind of weird.	0
the price is a little expensive but i think it was overall worth it.	0
the service was good the waitress was nice but it took her a while to come to our table or maybe i was just too hungry.	0
definitely would recommend this place its super delicious l	0
 the tod mun was not that appetizing and was pretty expensive too.	0
pad thai was tasted like an average pad thai.	0
the red curry i thought was really good with different aromas.	0
the young coconut juice and mangosteen juice was refreshing.the restaurant itself was very large pretty clean in my opinion too.service was excellent always had waiters around waiters were very friendly and welcoming.location is good and they have spots to in the back.	0
left hungry so we get there around 543pm on a tuesday night .	0
not crowded at all  about 7 tables in total including us.	0
we place the order for one appetizers and 2 main course at the same time .	0
appetizers comes out within the next 5 mins  great .	0
now 20 minutes pass and still no food they come and inform us its on the way okay no problem .	0
thirty minutes later now i am wondering like what is going on  it only a tuesday night .	0
i flag down a server and ask her and she goes back to check but never comes back with an answer.	0
now 40 minutes have passed since the appetizer has come and our original server comes out to tell us its coming and we are working with one chef only .	0
at this point i pissed and hungry and ask for the check to cancel the order .	0
i am ready to leave .	0
while bringing a check for my appetizer he tells me you dont have to leave the tip its okay and hands me a 10 percent off the next visit coupon .	0
pretty epic service they have going on  i havent been here in awhile.	0
the food is still very good the service has gone down a tad bit hence the four star rating.	0
also the calamari is not as good as it used to be.	0
all in all the food was good and we enjoyed ourselves minus the loud patrons next to us.i will revisit and suggest if you have eaten here yet put in on your to do list.	0
probably one of my go to thai restaurants but over the years ive felt like they lost a lot of its authentic qualities.	0
ill give it thats it probably one of the nicer thai restaurants that ive been to in the queens area.	0
i usually order the chicken pad thai but lately i discovered that the pad thai with fish is actually reallllly good i would honestly recommend that over the chicken i also ordered some chicken skewers to share but they were a little dry and pretty hard to eat after a while.	0
also at the price we paid i expected it a little more chicken but it seems like they skimped out on it.	0
i also ordered the tom yum soup which was pretty flavorful and tangy i thoroughly enjoyed this the smallest bowl actually is a very normal sized bowl so you would probably have to share it too  a circular bar greets you upon entrance and the walls are lined in booths.	0
the space almost makes you feel like you entered someones yurt but that actually makes it homey.	0
its also dimly lit and colored in dark wood orange and yellow tones.	0
if you want a quiet place to read and lunch this is it.	0
if you want to see and be seen go elsewhere since you cant even see outside once in here.lunch specials run from 8.00 and up.	0
food is solid and staff was attentive.	0
they also have a long drink menu of cocktails if you are looking for a night out.	0
think lychee sangria.	0
as an added bonus its family friendly so bring the kids or if youre lucky leave them home and actually digest your meal.	0
parents you know of what i speak.i have also had dinner here with the family in tow and seen large groups dining out.	0
there were no signs of chaos which tells me staff is used to groups and can handle themselves.	0
all good signs that people want to eat here and come back for more.	0
awesome food and service love the amazing thailand drink  the fried ice cream delicious.	0
family restaurant love it  apple martini was strong .. the pineapple rice was perfect recommend highly came here for dinner on a sunday evening and it wasnt very crowded.	0
the restaurant is super pretty and has a nice romantic and modern vibe to it.	0
the service was super speedy we ordered the thai iced tea for drinks and it was really good it could have been a tad sweeter for my taste but really yummy nonetheless.for appetizers we had the chicken satay w the peanut sauce.	0
im usually not a fan of peanut sauce but the combination was delicious and the chicken was cooked so well loved it i really liked the vinegar they served with the chicken.	0
even more than the peanut sauce.	0
for entree i had the chicken pad thai and i tried a bit of the chicken pad see ew.	0
both were done very well and good portions.	0
i couldnt finish my pad thai for dessert the fried ice cream was alright.	0
i wish it was smaller and easier to break into but the taste was great.	0
creamy vanilla ice cream w a nice fried crust.	0
i could do with out the raspberry sauce but overall it was good.	0
i definitely want to come back.	0
its a great date night spot weird that this was my first check in on yelp.	0
ive been coming here for years i love this restaurant ... large and roomy dining area big bar area and tvs to match.	0
and definitely great for groups ... comfy booths  family style round tables with the lazy susan  and intimate smaller tables for 24 groups.	0
theyre spaced apart enough to offer a very comfortable and semi private dining.	0
call ahead to make a reservation if you can this place gets really busy at lunch time and prime dinner hours on the weekend.onto the food must tryroti chicken and order extra bread just because if i could id order white rice just to eat all of the curry.green or coconut curry ... love them both.	0
mild or medium heat does the trick for me i cant handle the heat but love curry.vegetarian duck with basil youll never miss the meat.	0
the basil completes the dish both in flavor and garnish.and i personally recommend the squid any style.	0
my favorite is the fried or sauteed versions.	0
yummy.the must have drink is the thai iced tea ask for less ice to prolong the experience.	0
youll love it and drink it so fast youd be missing it before end of the meal.plenty of parking in the rear and lots of street parking nearby if it does fill up.	0
again been here many times never disappoints.	0
as you can see ive checked in 19 times aka i am a huge fan.	0
specifically because of their great lunch specials.	0
i take out lunch from bkny at least once a week.... 8 for an entree and a salad... well portioned.. they have sauted dishes noodles and curriesfried rice to choose from.	0
deff gets you great bang for your buck.	0
my favorite appetizer are the thai dumplings filled with chicken and peanuts try wrapping yours in the lettuce that comes underneath bkny has a good standard thai iced tea... and they have great service.	0
everyone there is always smiling or maybe thats because they know me because i go all the time hahaanyway ive attached some photos their peanut dressing is delish you can order it for 1 and literally put it on anything you order thats what i do i have been coming here since i was in highschool its a great place on flb to get quality thai food.	0
as mentioned in a lot of comments the outside definitely looks deceiving.	0
the inside of the restaurant is very nice and spacious.	0
i dont think ive ever had a bad experience with their food.	0
for appetizers the chicken satay and spring rolls are definitely my go to.	0
they each come with dipping sauces that are awesome.	0
for main dishes i usually opt for tofu whenever i get thai food.	0
the tofu they give here is always cooked to perfection with your meal and really absorbs the flavor.	0
unlike some tofu dishes where the tofu stands to be very bland.	0
ive had an assortment of their veggie dishes curries and noodles.	0
my favorite veggie dish is the pad pak and my favorite noodles are definitely the pad kee mao or drunken noodles at other thai places.	0
with all of your dishes you can choose the degree of spiciness with their spicy being cryyoureyesout spicy.	0
if youre in the mood for a nice refreshing thai drink their thai iced tea is very good.	0
its a little sweet but definitely worth trying out.	0
i cant say enough good things about this place by far thee worst service ive had in a long time to start off the waitress came over to ask if we wanted anything to drink.	0
when we asked one question about one of the drinks she said oh youre not ready yet and walked away for about 10 minutes.	0
when she came back we gave her our drink order and asked if we could put our appetizer order in...she asked if we were ready to order our entree and we said we had a question or two about a couple of the entrees that looked good on the menu to which she replied oh youre not ready well you have to give me your whole order now or i cant take it.	0
she returned with three of our drinks after 12 minutes and my buddy had to go to the bar himself to retrieve his wifes drink order.	0
we ordered both the appetizers and entrees...stupid on our part for not just leaving then but after waiting 30ish minutes for a table we figured wed at least deal with the shoddy service for a good meal.	0
boy were we wrong the food came out and it was terrible the only thing that was halfway decent was the duck.	0
on top of that we had no utensils at all no forks chopsticks etc.	0
so i found my way back toward the kitchen and had to help myself to four sets of utensils because we got tired of waiting and trying to get anyones attention after 10 minutes.oh my buddy did pack the food to take home to see if even his dog would eat it.	0
ill post an update after i find out what the dog thought.i know there are a lot of good reviews on here which is what led us there so maybe it was just an off night and we drew the short straw for the rudest waitress in there.	0
i wont be going back here.	0
from the outside it looks like a regular place but the inside is fancy and can be a great spot to hold a large table party or small intimate meal.there was no one at the front when i walked in on saturday at 6pm but one of the waitress notice my party standing and waiting so she escorted us to a free table.	0
the place was already busy and starting to fill up.	0
theres a bar in the middle and the drinks menu are fairly priced.ordered the thai eggplant with chicken pineapple fried rice chicken skewers and thai ice tea.	0
everything tasted great and it was not overly drenched in sauce or salt.	0
the thai eggplant came with a side of regular rice and it had a bit of heat but not overly salty to kill your taste buds.	0
the chicken skewers come in 4 sticks of meat and two sauces peanut and a lighter sweet dressing type of sauce.service was very good our waiter was very patient with us and followed up during the meal to make sure everything was okay.	0
waters and plates were taken with speed and finesse.	0
the only complaint is that although their dcor looks pretty good and warm their bathrooms totally dont match it but it was clean at least.as my party left the place was already packed and crowded by 7pm saturday.	0
would come back but if you have a larger party make reservations in advanced to guarantee seating and lesser wait times.	0
metered parking in the front or you can try to park around the residential neighborhood around the place.	0
im giving this place three stars because its been a hit or miss for me.	0
the food is either amazing and delicious or just mediocre and whatever.	0
i usually go here for lunch and their pad thai is always really good however if you go on a busy day the food isnt that great.	0
ive had the drunken noodles a few times and ive definitely had better at other places.	0
he decor in here is beautiful though.	0
its a great date spot or place to go with friends.	0
i wouldve never thought it would be so cute just from looking at it from the outside.	0
also i recommend the thai iced tea its usually always on point my awesome barista cordell at browny coffee on northern blvd recommended bkny thai just a couple of blocks south on francis lewis blvd.	0
i then jumped on yelp and saw the fantastic reviews from my friends tc krystal zaneta and chris.	0
done deal i popped in at 8 o clock and there were 7 parties 27 people ahead of me on the list waiting.the first thing that i observed was the lovely atmosphere with the dim lights.	0
the restaurant was hopping and every time a waiter waitress went by with some food it smelled and looked heavenly.the 2 lovely and i do mean absolutely cool calm energetic sweet and very cordial hosts  hostess up front were sai and michelle who welcomed me graciously while juggling the list and some other hungry folks.	0
party of 1 no problem lets see if we can seat you at the bar if you dont mind the bar was packed with about 12 bar stools with the xavier gonzaga game on tv.	0
i ran to the very clean rest room and when i returned they actually found me a table.	0
very cool michelle seated me and welcomed me again as she picked up the second place setting and brought over a carafe of water pouring me a glass.i looked over and noticed that the majority of the folks waiting had been seated too.	0
very efficient flow here my waitress was the one and only  donut yup thats her name and she was just the warmest and nicest person you could have ever met.	0
big smile tooi started with a lovely and fresh thai iced coffee and ordered the tilapia in mild red curry sauce red curry coconut milk kaffir lime leaf bamboo shoot fresh basil and bell pepper.	0
donut was on the ball as she clearly explained the different spice levels and recommended the mild for yours truly.i also ordered the jasmine brown rice on the side which was a 2 a la carte item.scanned the room and saw a birthday cake being presented to a b day gal families enjoying themselves and to my immediate right a cute couple out on their first  arranged date as in the interview process before the arranged marriage was underway.	0
i am a nosy baistahd and was loving the uncomfortable and formal conversation between these 2 indian kids he was a punjabi boy and she was a gujarati gal.	0
ditto brought out the tilapia and it looked just amazing.	0
the aroma was divine.	0
big delicious pieces of tilapia with peppers in this to die for curry sauce.	0
tc my friend you were spot on in your review about the rice and more rice please being the perfect accompaniment to soak in and savor this beautiful dish.	0
the rice was very tender and fresh.	0
the entree portion was perfect and i actually had almost half my rice left over.the lychee ice cream looked great but i was just too full.10 minutes into dinner i wanted to jump in and rescue my poor buddy next door as he was trying to talk to her about family and she was on facebook head down and on her cell phone.	0
he kept looking over at me with that  hey guy who is probably my dads age what do you thinki stayed focused on my incredible meal and the red curry tilapia my lovely date for the evening.amazing food even more spectacular was the fantabulous staff who were all happy smiling busting their butts and a real team as others jumped in to pick up my dishes and bring me out the lovely chocolate covered mints dessert.	0
bkny was the bomb ditto you are a sweetheart and a great human being.	0
thank you for checking up on me numerous times.this was an unplanned and spontaneous dinner and i loved it loved it absolutely loved everything about it i dont know about their foods but service was pretty bad.	0
3 of us walked in to the restaurant.	0
there was about 20 full of customers but it took them more than half minute to decide where to put us to sit may be we are chinese after we sat down for less than 10 minutes the ac was cold i said its cold and want to switch table a waitress told me had to check with someone are you serious not many customers in the restaurant but need to check before brought us to other table she walk back and said they turned the ac off i asked why there were so many empty tables but we cant change table.	0
the waitress rise her voice with attitude told me have to check if any reservation before change table for us.	0
again seriously all tables got reserved at the same time very bad service.foods was decent but because of 1 waitress attitude mostly i wont come back.	0
as soon as i walked in i felt very welcomed.	0
the staff is extremely friendly and always coming by the table to see if you need anything.	0
they also have a parking lot which is always a plus this restaurant has a very nice atmosphere which is fitting for all occasions.	0
the food is delicious  it actually came out super quick but it was still hot  tasted very fresh for the appetizer we ordered a spring thai roll  chicken curry puffs which were very both very crunchy and for entrees shrimp pineapple fried rice  chicken pad thai which was both delicious as well and came with a very generous amounts of shrimp  chicken.	0
cant wait to come back  try something else on the menu.	0
the food and service is both good.	0
the atmosphere is quiet and dark.	0
only con is they no longer serve two of my favs.	0
the grilled squid and coconut ice cream.	0
perhaps i am spoiled by ayadas fare but i wasnt too wowed by this place.	0
yeah its certainly not bad especially when compared to other standard thai places around nyc but its not exactly spectacular either.	0
with that being said service is pretty prompt and the interior is large and spacious.	0
the menu has your standard thai items pad thai pad see yew thai iced teas.	0
prices are what you would expect per dish ranging from 1120 an entre obviously not counting the specials either.	0
its always pretty busy here especially on the weekends.	0
parking in the area can be sparse though.	0
considering that this is the only thai place around in this part of flushingfresh meadowsbayside it could be a lot worse.	0
authentic delicious thai food.	0
service and ambiance  very good.roti with massamun curry  was ok. had better roti elsewhere.	0
pineapple curry with shrimp  mildly spicy curry with just the right consistency and flavor.	0
mild was spicy for me and my mouth was burning but i couldnt stop eating it.	0
bbq chicken with sweet chili sauce sticky rice and papaya salad.	0
delicious combo z chicken was grilled well not burnt like a lot of places.	0
papaya salad  pretty legit.	0
has little hot peppers in it so be careful but very good.	0
very close to homemade papaya salad ive had.thai iced tea  perfect strength and not too sweet.	0
helps with the spicy foodwould definitely come back to try out the other dishes bkny has been around for a while.	0
ive been here quite a few times throughout the years and each time was a different experience when it came to the food.	0
my recent visit was ooook.	0
the food seems to be catering to a more american palate and lacks any traditional thai flavors.i had the chicken curry puffs which is a must get and always my fave here fried calamari thai dumplings and the lunch special shrimp pad thai and chicken pad see ew.	0
the calamari was average.	0
id probably skip it.	0
the thai dumplings were steamed in a rice crepe type of skin that i wasnt expecting.	0
it also had peanuts inside as well as on top.	0
i wasnt into it.	0
i enjoyed the of see ew but the pad thai was bland and plain.	0
i liked that the noodles were al dente and not mushy but the flavor was lacking.	0
they also charged an extra 2 for shrimp which wasnt worth the four tasteless shrimp in the dish.	0
id rather get a diff protein you dont need to pay extra for.	0
service was pleasant and courteous.	0
id give them another chance and maybe just skip the pad thai and thai dumplings next time.	0
came here after a recommendation and i was impressed im south indian so its hard to find restaurants that actually challenge my taste buds and make me grab the water when i am eating something spicy.	0
i was impressed primarily because spicy really meant spicy here and a goodspicy too food was absolutely delicious.	0
i went with the pad thai and dont regret it.	0
definitely consider the spice levels if youre not accustomed to food with a punch this is a yelp review of the other yelp reviews on this place.	0
seriously had high expectations of this place after reading several yelpers saying this place is absolutely delicious and their food was absolutely amazing.	0
i came here on a monday evening and order their pad thai pad see ew and curry with roti.	0
when the first dish came we were immediately disappointed to see 6 small triangles of roti the size of tortilla chips at the price of 9.00. the other dishes were ok nothing different from other thai places.	0
aside from the food being a disappointment because of the over exaggerated reviews this place does have a nice atmosphere and friendly waitress.	0
i love love love this restaurant.	0
whenever im in town its one of the first meals we eat.	0
there is parking available behind the restaurant which is a plus.	0
the restaurant is clean and has a lot of seating.	0
the servers are very friendly and attentive.	0
it is a good place for groups they are accommodating.	0
we order lot of different things off the menu.	0
we love the snapper in the thai chili sauce pad thai beef massaman curry and the crispy duck in thai basil sauce.	0
the drinks there are very strong.	0
the lychee martini is really good and the bkny thai ice tea which has liquor in it.	0
the desserts are pretty good.	0
the fried ice cream is a little different the breaking is thicker but it was still crispy and light great with the coconut ice cream.	0
lunch specials daily 123p for 8 except holidays.	0
go to dishes trio color ribs eggplant sizzling pad kee mao drunken noodle masaman curry and mille crepe cake.this time wanted to try something diff.	0
ordered  curry puffs apps  very tasty light and flavorful.	0
would definitely order again.	0
roti pancake  always good and buttery.	0
curry dip is nice and creamy too with a piece of chicken in dip sometimes.	0
pad thai shrimp lunch special 10 2 more for seafood and beef comes with side salad.	0
pad thai was very dry and overly sweet.	0
very disappoonting.	0
grilled steak entree 18  very small portion for the price and it was flank cut.	0
asked for medium rare and it was red but very tough and chewy.	0
another disappointment.	0
green tea crepe cake.....always great.	0
from lady m. not sure was it an off day but all the main dishes were a disappointment.	0
the 2 male waiters noticed we didnt like any of the entrees and apologized but didnt do anything else about it.	0
so we had a very expensive lunch which we only ate the appetizer and dessert.	0
i was pleasantly surprised when i walked into this restaurant as it was very spacious.	0
we came during lunch time and got seated right away.	0
our server was attentive and answered our questions about the menu pretty well.	0
prices were fine but a bit higher then the usual super cheap thai spots you can find in the nyc area the menu had a pretty good variety of thai dishes and i headed straight to the seafood section per usual i ordered the bkny mixed specialmild and my friend ordered the ped pad gra powcrispy duck with basil sauce food was good we definitely enjoyed iti ended up ordering an extra side of white rice in attempts to finish my seafood dish.	0
along with sweet chili sauce which i poured over the rice and seafood we also used it on the duck dish ask for it separately.	0
i ordered the mild mixed special because sometimes thai dishes can get super spicy and even though im african and no stranger to spice i went for the mild which was exactly that mild ill go for the hot next time all in all good food nice ambience good service.	0
i would visit again one of my regulars the food and service are always spot on and the parking lot is an extra convenience as well.	0
their flavors are rich and authentic not white people spicy here.	0
i think its really nice that the chef comes to tables to talk to regulars who live locally and probably dine here even more than i do.	0
it builds the repertoire of the restaurant and relationships that dont usually exist at restaurants to begin with.	0
the chef is usually slaving away behind kitchen doors.	0
seafood is fresh here and the curry is so delicious i could drink it from the plate if that was acceptable to do in real lifeso i just soak it up using my rice instead.	0
their lunch menu and pricing is very competitive for the quality of food they serve and for dine in lunch as well.	0
quick and to the point.	0
their online phone skills are poppin the ladies who work here crack me up every time so its always a pleasure speaking with them.	0
the food is also bangin and lunch special is always worth it.	0
my fav dish is the kee moew noodles.	0
i came here on a date once.	0
i loved the fact that there was parking  it was in a convenient location.	0
the staff were polite and the menu did a great job at providing descriptions of the food.	0
the food appeared to be fresh authentic and tasty.	0
this location is great for families dates groups etc.	0
i highly recommend this joint whoever enjoys spicy food.	0
my friends and i have been going there for the past 4 years and theyve never let me down.	0
if you want to bring big groups of family  friends with nice ambience drinks and food this is the spot to be we love the service here.	0
the wait staff are some of the nicest.	0
they are always attentive.	0
and the food is great.	0
if you can try to go during lunch as they have lunch specials.	0
there is also a small parking lot in the back which is very convenient.	0
excellent food and excellent service.	0
staff is welcoming and friendly.	0
fried red snapper was delicious and tom soup is spicy and had a wonderful broth.	0
excellent soup for a cold.	0
pad thai was amazing.	0
this was our 3rd time eating at bkny and i needed to write the review.	0
i have been lazy but enough is enough.	0
we had the fish cakes veggie cakes calamari and agidashi tofu for appetizers and they were all really good.	0
dinner was fantastic pineapple fried rice was full of pineapple and flavor.	0
vegetarian mock duck had a really good consistency and a delicious flavor.	0
the shrimp with peppercorn sauce was fabulous.	0
big fresh shrimp with a broth that made you want to lick the bowl.	0
pad thai with tilapia was also excellent.	0
the service is top notch as well.	0
very attentive and your water is never empty.	0
cant wait to go back great food great service decent prices.	0
this place is a perfect place for all occasions.	0
a casual dinner or a celebratory event.	0
ive had birthdays here to an afternoon lunch.	0
the scenery is well fitting for all.	0
very big place so seating is never really an issue.	0
theres also parking which is a huge plus.im pretty generic so i usually order the pad thai.	0
maybe change it up once in a while but i just usually stick to what i know and love.	0
the service is great with very friendly staff.	0
the food did take a bit long to come out but im sure if just cause theyre putting in the extra effort into the quality.	0
they also try to make it seem like its on a more higher end than what it is.	0
overall i would definitely be coming back some more the owner is crazy he tried attacking my car i accidently put 200 instead 100 whne i payed my bill .. the waitress june onsangkoon stole my money becaue they took and extremelly long time to bring my change when i went to put gas i realized my other 100 was missing i then went back to the resturant asked for the manager i told him what had happend he started yelling in his language the waitress who served us she started getting teary eye and shaky..  why would you if not guily  right  all ok i lost 100 dollars what gets me is why would he come to attack me outside his resturant following me to my car i have my 1 year old in the car... about 6 to 8 of his employes were holding him back .. weird do they know he has a crazy temper if it wasnt for his bus boys he would have broken my window craking into my daughters face ...  your bus boy saved the night because you missed the glass by a quarter inch it is to late and cold to wait for cops but your cameras rght outside you resturant prove everything fucken crazy temper shame on you  coming to attack someone is uncalled for and illegal how dare you come to try and attack a women my friends and i love coming here for thai food.	0
i always find myself craving bkny my goto is usually the pad see ew.	0
i also recently tried the bkny eggplant which was really yummy.	0
sometimes ill get the thai iced tea which is great never had an issue with service.	0
so glad i have this place nearby.	0
fairly decent thai spot in queens my friend and i got here around 830pm on a friday night...of course it was a full house so we were told that the wait would be around 3040 minutes.	0
in reality we only ended up waiting for 1520 so that was nice it should be noted that i tried to call earlier for a reservation but they only do walkins for smaller parties.we got the followingtom ka gai  was not a fan of this at all it felt like having spoonfuls of hot coconut milk.tom yum koong  standard tom yum soup just the right amount of tang.	0
although they kind of odd with the mushrooms.chicken curry puff  comes with 4 this was my favorite the puff was perfectly flaky and the meat filling was really good toopad see ew  i get this item at every thai restaurant pretty much and this was very standard to what ive had in the past.	0
nothing exceptional.kaeng subparos pineapple curry  i wasnt too big a fan of this either.	0
the curry broth was yummy and very coconuty however i didnt like having olives in it.	0
the shrimp also didnt have much taste it was a little rubbery for me.the bill for 2 people without tip came out to about 55 bucks  pretty standard management is nice but as another yelper mentioned the food is a hit or miss.	0
go during lunch and the food is good during peak times the food is bland unremarkable and a few dollars more than lunchtime.	0
the spring rolls are nice crunchy and nongreasy.	0
try them at lunch with a pad thai good food and great service.	0
bkny is a great place to enjoy good thai food.	0
i came here with a group of 10 people on a week day night be sure to make reservations and once we arrived for our reservation at 830  we were seated and greeted right away.	0
the place is huge although you cannot tell from the outside.	0
they have a very large center bar and a great amount of tables surrounding the area.	0
ive been here a few times now and i have to say the food is always good.	0
this time the service was just great.	0
our waitress was definitely on top of her game.	0
we made it sort of complicated for her since we had to split orders for our table but she really took charge and handled all of our orders with grace and ease while smiling and laughing with us the whole time.	0
even the waiters who brought us our food made sure everything was correct.	0
i also really enjoyed the fact that she made sure to ask how spicy we want our dishes and even though some of us wanted spicy and some didnt the orders were not messed up at all.	0
for the food i ordered the calamari which was very good crunchy tender and perfect in the sweetsour sauce.	0
for my entree i ordered the koonam massaman shrimpavocadopotato in a sweet and mildly spicy massam man coconut curry it contains peanuts.	0
the curry was sweet and spicy and creamy.	0
the huge jumbo shrimps were cooke perfectly and the potatoes were great with the curry.	0
i really enjoyed my dish.	0
overall this was great experience.	0
good thai good and great service.	0
i will be back.	0
an average thai restaurant but in a nicer inside environment.	0
the thai iced tea and coffee were average.	0
we had the chicken green curry and beef pad thai.	0
both were smaller than we thought but still appropriate portion size for us.	0
if youre a big eater or super hungry though one entree might not be enough to fill you up.green curry great taste but didnt really come with enough rice.	0
the chicken was good but was cut a bit too thin.	0
pad thai way too salty and that masked the other flavors of the sauce and noodles.	0
service was fine and theres a small parking lot in the back.	0
one weird thing to add is that if you come through the back be prepared for a really bad stench of bathroom when you walk in... came as a group of 5. we ate family style order a bunch of entrees and appetizers and we take whatever we want.	0
the staff was very nice and the food came out fairly quickly.	0
the food was amazing i posted the pictures separatelyfor appetizers we got vegetarian cakes roti papaya salad and calamari.	0
for entrees we got pineapple fried rice pad thai vegetarian duck basil and panang were amazing.	0
the panang has 2 stars for spiciness but honestly i didnt think it was spicy at all.	0
keep in mind im a korean girl who is moderately tolerant to spicy foods.the price also wasnt bad came out to be about 20 per person and we were very full.	0
theres an extremely small parking lot around the back but theres a good amount of street parking the parking in front is municipali would definitely recommend this place and would come back again.	0
i come to this place all the time and have never been disappointed.	0
the food is great and prices are reasonable this will always be my goto thai restaurant if youre reading peoples reviews  and wondering if you should give this place a try... stop reading and get in your car and drive i will definitely come back and recommend friends to this restaur	0
 this is my favorite place to get thai food.	0
i cannot tell you specifically what it is about their food but it tastes authentic compared to other restaurants.	0
you can really taste the different spices and flavors in their dish and they have an extensive menu of dishes that you cannot find at your average thai place.	0
also not to mention their spicy is spicy.	0
they have different levels but you know theyre using the real ingredients to get the spiciness.my favorite dishes are the papaya salad catfish salad pad kee mao drunken noodles homestyle thai fried rice crispy pork in basil sauce and their red and green curry.	0
i cannot get enough of these dishes.	0
dont forget its cash only so be sure to bring enough for the food and gratuity.	0
authentic taste thai foodi always stop by eating noodleprotion and price is acceptable i ordered marinated raw crab salad... seasoning was good but the crab was so hard to eat kind of regretted ordering that and this appetizer was more expensive than my main entree.. wasnt worthythe table looked very cute and its a cozy nice place.in general its a cheap good venue.	0
ate dinner here last night for my moms birthday.	0
this is a great authentic thai restaurant to eat in.	0
the location is quite small with minimal tables and the decor is nonexistent but nonetheless its delicious.	0
we were a group of 4 and decided to order a bunch of different plates to share.	0
the appetizers consisted of sliced beef and green papaya salad.	0
the sliced beef was perfectly marinated and delicious.	0
the papaya salad would have been good if it werent so spicy we literally had to chug down our thai iced teas to help the spice.	0
we asked for spicy level medium never again as entrees we shared the pineapple fried rice pad see eu and morning glory veggies.	0
everything was flavorful and yummy.	0
aside from almost killing my taste buds i enjoyed my meal.	0
the prices are great and customer service is great.	0
i would definitely return.	0
extensive menu with a lot of dish options so many dishes that im not sure what to try each time.	0
while the thai food is delicious here theres just something about it that makes me tired sleepy  really thirsty every time maybe msg not sure very authentic thai dishes.	0
one of the best thai restaurant ive been to in ny so far.	0
definitely try their curry dish.	0
if you like spicy food this is definitely a must go.	0
this place was recommended by my brothers girlfriend who was from thailand stated serving authentic thai food so we travel to elmhurst from brooklyn for lunch.	0
my husband and i had tried thai food before but just not into it but we willing to give it another chance.	0
this time we went for some traditional dishes.	0
here our lunchpad thai very saucy and a bit sweet.	0
more of my husbands liking.	0
catfish with basil sauted  was good but fish was a bit dry cause its fried.	0
flavorful.	0
seafood papaya salad was good but too sweet sour.	0
dont really need the seafood.	0
chicken satay was good.	0
thai ice tea was good but had better.	0
service was good.	0
i was walking with crutches and they assist me in sitting down.	0
really appreciate the extra care.	0
the experience had convinced me to give them another choice so we do plan to go back or try another restaurant.	0
we plan to go to qi for a try.as my husband he still skeptical but we going to qi anyways.	0
lol.	0
this is my favorite thai resto in queens ny.	0
my favorite menu is nam tok beef.. its really delicious and spicy but i once order via delivery and the taste is quite different because its less spicy than usual and its not a good thing for me because what i like from this nam tok beef is the spiciness.	0
so if you like spicy food u must try this nam tok beef their pad thai is out of this world.	0
this restaurant is authentic thai food.	0
and its cash only.	0
a little expensive 10 for just one item of noodles.	0
but if you enjoy a good pad thai i recommend it here.	0
ate dinner here last night for my moms birthday.	0
this is a great authentic thai restaurant to eat in.	0
the location is quite small with minimal tables and the decor is nonexistent but nonetheless its delicious.	0
we were a group of 4 and decided to order a bunch of different plates to share.	0
the appetizers consisted of sliced beef and green papaya salad.	0
the sliced beef was perfectly marinated and delicious.	0
the papaya salad would have been good if it werent so spicy we literally had to chug down our thai iced teas to help the spice.	0
we asked for spicy level medium never again as entrees we shared the pineapple fried rice pad see eu and morning glory veggies.	0
everything was flavorful and yummy.	0
aside from almost killing my taste buds i enjoyed my meal.	0
the prices are great and customer service is great.	0
i would definitely return.	0
phone order  delivering food promptly  not a one star review.	0
by the way i ordered right when the restaurant opened in the morning so maybe thats why it was horrible i dont know.	0
i ordered a beef drunken noodle not only did it look burnt dark over cooked and unappetizing it wasnt mildly spicy or anything at all.	0
just a giant blob of burnt tasting hard chewy beef with noodles.	0
there are plenty of other thai restaurants in elmhurst.	0
dont order to go from here... unless youre willing to go back with the food to complain.	0
sure it looks a little sketchy....and the outside look doesnt look like im a delicious spot but hey....the element of surprisecame here on sunday for the thai hankering.	0
couldnt figure out if i wanted pad thai as my go to safety net or getting noodle soup its my new thing nowi went for the spicy pork noodle soup with rice noodle omg my mouth just watered a little bit.	0
on the front page of their menu they have a spice level for you to choose for your meal no spice to super spicy.	0
of course...me...i opted for very spicy 4 of the 5. the lady looked at me and asked are you sure its very spicy...trust me lady...i can handle it.so i got my bowl ok my mouth jus watered again lol and i tasted the soup.	0
its definitely sour like lime sour but not over bearing.	0
the pork based soup has other flavors going on so it balances and is it spicy you ask its spicy for sure but i secretly think they lower the level for me for fear of being too spicy.	0
the ground meat is chunk and not separate and probably has been soaking in the broth for a bit because its quite delicious the fishball was a bit on the softer side so there wasnt much of a spring when you bit into it.	0
overalls the soup has a lot of flavors with good amount of herbs and spices and if you like it spicy go for it.we also ordered the mussels something with eggs i forgot what it was called but i think we ended up with oysters...it wasnt that great and the dipping sauce i think it was ketchup and sweet chili sauce mixed....kinda gross.sorry got too hangry to take a photo this restaurant is tiny and will not take reservations....not even for large parties luckily my group of 8 was there by 630 on a thursday night and didnt have too much trouble getting a table.	0
ive been to chao thai a few times and i thought the food was really outstanding.	0
however although still pretty good tonights food didnt seem to be as outstanding as in the past.	0
also i ordered everything medium spicy on advice from our waiter....but honestly i probably should have order everything very spicy since my group and i like spicy food.this was our menu shared by 4 people larb moo w.ground pork w.chili lime juice roasted rice  excellent large portions and delicious pla mango salad crispy sliced fish w.mango salad  great salad but for 16 an order they could have given more fish soft shell crab chu chee w.coconut milk lime leaves  curry  excellent frog legs w.basil sauce sauted w.basil leaves  huge disappointment frog was previously frozen not fresh and very overcooked.	0
the basil sauce was really good.i would definitely go back to chao thai since my previous visits were so good.	0
hopefully tonight was just an off night.	0
oh i should add that service was really great and our server was really attentive and helpful.	0
this had been my favorite thai place for a few years and every time i came home i would make a trip with my mom to eat food spicy enough to drain the sinuses but coming here this time was a little disappointing.	0
there seemed to be more sugar in the dishes and less spice.	0
i remember the first time i came here i made the mistake of ordering medium since thats what i do at most restaurants.	0
it ended up being some sort of thai medium because i was dying of spicyness.	0
since then i began ordering mild here but todays mild wasnt really spicy at all.	0
the beef in the drunken noodles was more chewy than expected and the papaya salad seemed a little less fresh and blander than before.	0
its still pretty good but based off of previous experiences id say the quality has gone down taking it from five stars to something more of a 3.5  still though the service here is great and the waitresses are all really sweet great authentic thai food.	0
they offer crispy pork as an option for the dishes which should really be offered by every place.	0
for me the best curries off all the thai places.	0
its been enough years since this thai staple created the ethnic food hype for elmhurst via the blogs and interwebz.	0
its still golden its still the best even if you order a pad thai.	0
a this is one of my fav thai restaurant in elmhurst.	0
the food are delicious.	0
and there are so many choices of food.	0
they also have alot of pictures of the food in case ppl want to see how the dish look like.	0
i especially love the mango salads with soft crab.	0
their curry is great toomakes rice taste delicious.	0
also like the steam fish fillet.	0
only one thing i didnt like is their green veg dish would be much better if less salt and the dish is a bit small for its price i use to come here with my family often but i dont think that this will be the case anymore because the food isnt much better than the many thai establishments in the neighborhood plus the cash only option and the automatic 20 tips added to the total.i came here tonight with my family because i was craving a pork noodle soup the one i drooled about is from boon chuvery close by but for some reason we decided to come to chao thai instead.	0
its a very cute small but clean family owned restaurant.	0
there is limited seating and it probably wouldnt be a good idea to come with a party larger than 4 because it would be too difficult for them to accommodate.one thing that i have to get whenever i come to a thai restaurant is thai ice tea but for 6 and a cup half full of ice this is a horrible deal the thai tea itself wasnt too bad but sweeter than what i am use to.	0
the menu was mostly written in thai as are todays specials which was kind of annoying but on the menu you could always just read the english description.the food came quickly and although they didnt come together they did come almost immediately one after the other.	0
the yellow curry that we got was pretty good and i would get it again if i were to come back but i will never get this spicy pork noodle soup again the soup tasted so flavorless to me only spicy.	0
its also probably my fault that it was too spicy for me .. note if youre unsure just get it less spicy because you can always make it spicier later.	0
the portion itself was huge and filled me up though.their service was also fair.	0
i wouldnt say it was anything spectacular but the lady who took our order was very attentive of us patient and smiled often.	0
food poisoning.went here yesterday cuz i was craving raw shrimp and papaya salad.	0
drove 30 mins here just to notice the b rating on the window... well i was already there so i proceeded.i had raw shrimp for the first time in my life at this place 5 years ago.	0
i remember it was the bomb so fresh and i remember i really loved their food.	0
since then ive been other places for raw shrimp.yesterday the place even smelled bad.	0
should work on a better vent.	0
but i insisted on getting what i came here for  papaya salad and raw shrimp.papaya salad was just decent a little on the sweeter side.	0
raw shrimp  from the first bite i knew it was not of good quality.	0
i had a couple and took the rest home thinking i might as well just cook them because of the poor quality.as im writing this i wonder what i was thinking... if it didnt taste fresh and the thing was raw... why would i risk itso i had food poisoning shortly after  not surprising.	0
yup.	0
i came with thai friends and they ordered some spectacular food some of the dishes ive never had before and ive spent quite a bit of time in thailand.	0
i came back another time on my own and had the stewed pork leg over rice and it was awesome.	0
reading current reviews im not sure whats happened here.	0
this was not the experience i had.	0
my favorite place every menu  service are goodi love noodle soup i want to go there once a week i usually stop by here all the times especially dine in here but i just cannot accept about how this waitresss service attitude to the din in customer.	0
i wanna want to point out that i respect every server who is older than me  if u would love to b waitress  please b nice to customer whenever they ask u the questions  even u r in mood or not in mood  please keep it in personal and not spread your anger and bad mood to the customer.	0
because people come in for enjoy the meal.	0
first of all her name is toi i informed to her and im sure i order  ka na moo krob  i got the basil moo krobi curious and asked her did i order it  this is just a normal question when the wrong food send to my table.	0
alright i did not mean.	0
i gotta change it or complain.	0
i just curious if the dish would be other table.	0
she really protect herself like  yes  u did order  with a strong and rude voice and not even want to figure it out the problem and help us .plz come on.	0
do not make that rude and mean face to me.	0
i dont deserve this bad and disappointed experience .i am not trouble making customers.	0
i just feel got personal attacked and offense by her.	0
next time  do not come to serve me plz  i do not want to feel bad with this place since i been come here long time before she started to work here thank you never knew this place existed.	0
i rarely walk down whitney ave but this here is a real thai owned spot.	0
i only got take out from here but the pad see ew was just like how i had it in thailand.	0
the order was ready in 10 minutes and they offered me a seat to wait and a glass of ice cold water because it was well over 95 degrees that day.	0
i will definitely be back and dine in.	0
cash only  fried whole fish with basil sauce  soooo good fried taro rolls  ehh not my thing i expected it to be more... taroish  pad thai  the noodles were different than what im used to.	0
they were soft but thin.	0
i loved this.	0
green curry  we ordered medium spice but i couldnt handle it  pretty good though  they have hainanese rice  thai iced tea  spot on.	0
tiny place street parking.	0
unfortunately the first impression we had of the restaurant was the odor.	0
we were starving and decided to sit down and eat anyway since it had good reviews.	0
the waitress recommended 8 appetizer which was pretty good particularly the sauce was good.	0
we both ordered pad see ew with chicken.	0
the portions were good for the price however the food itself was subpar.	0
the chicken was very dry and tough and the noodles lacked flavor.	0
authentic thai food a simple restaurant that looks ordinary but their food is really good.	0
came here for lunch and ordered 3 types of food for me my bf  my bro.	0
got some papaya salad for appetizer.	0
this is one of my favorite dish ever i always get this whenever we go to any thai restaurant.	0
its really good its a little spicy.	0
i think you can adjust the spiciness if youre just gonna inform the server.	0
me  my bro ordered the roasted pork with gravy over rice it has this red gravy thats a little sweet.	0
it taste good.	0
its not very sweet  on the side theirs a thick black sauce thats sweet too.	0
semilar to oyster sauce.	0
i didnt use that sauce since the red sauce is already a lil sweet.	0
my bf ordered pad kee mow beef basil noodle.	0
its a flat noodle with some thai sauce.	0
its yummy and we ordered thai iced tea for drinks.	0
i think their thai iced tea is too sweet.	0
its sugar overload.	0
i think you can also adjust the sweetness by telling the server.	0
delicious thai food always like the whole fish with mango salad  chinese broccoli with crispy pork this is our go to spot for thai food.	0
tiny place with cheesy decor but food is delicious and portions are generous.	0
i often find thai places to skimp on serving size but not here.	0
my husband loves the pineapple shrimp fried rice and we usually share a curry dish.	0
service is fast and i have seen others byob so thats a plus its kinda sad because i have been here on several occasions over the years and i remember liking the food.	0
my trip today was a miss.	0
the lack of thai clientele was a sign that things wouldnt be as good as the motherland or its previous glory years.	0
not sure if the ownership has changed but there was a big difference in quality and taste.the foodroasted pork over rice roasted pork crispy pork and sweet sausage over rice with gravy sauce.	0
this is one of my all time go to dishes since it is simple and delicious.	0
the one here was simply put weird.	0
i have never heard of putting coconut milk in the gravy it is so unheard of.	0
the smell of the coconut milk completely threw me off as did the overbearing sweetness of the gravy.	0
the crispy pork was very obviously prefried and was more hard than crispy.	0
the roasted pork was rather dry and lifeless and the sweet chinese sausage was standard.	0
this dish made me sad.	0
yelp.comuserlocalphotduck noodle duck noodle in dark soup with bean sprout and scallion.	0
i thought this dish was just ok i didnt really care for the taste nor texture of the duck.pig leg with special sauce i havent had this dish in years but i do remember this dish being one of their better ones.	0
my family was a fan of the other location broadway before it closed.	0
the original location is not as spacious and well decorated as the other.	0
this location also doesnt have a lunch special so there isnt as much value eating here.	0
we ordered the thai fried rice with pork and it was good.	0
definitely different since it has onions in it.	0
i have no complaints.	0
the pad thai was ehh.	0
its pretty difficult to mess up a pad thai and is a standard dish for any thai restaurant.	0
there was too much sauce so the dish overall was too salty.	0
sighhhh each dish was around 8.50 and yes its a good amount of food but ive had better thai food else where.	0
considering this location there are lots of other places thats a great bang for your buck.	0
the service is also okay.	0
the waitresses can be somewhat slow.	0
when i asked them to box the dishes up she placed the dishes on top of one another... i dont think the bottom of the dish is that clean... the germaphobe in me had an internal panic.	0
food is still great but beware the prices have jumped up and they also preinclude a service charge now from the outside it does not look fancy at all but it does not disappoint on the quality and flavor of the meal.	0
for such a small hole in the wall restaurant this place is generous with the portions.	0
i had my standard chicken green curry with coconut rice and i was pleasantly surprised how much food they gave i had plenty to take home and left feeling very satisfied.	0
be very wary of how spicy you order your food because they dont play four.	0
not first time at all.	0
lunch.ok so.	0
red curry yellow curry green curry massaman.	0
which one is my favorite of course pad see you yum place.	0
never finish everything.	0
rice not needed with massaman.	0
and they have the smallest place that somehow seats everyone unlike those hells kitchen thai places.	0
bathroom downstairs.	0
hardly ever order drinks here but the thai iced tea was solid.	0
close to elmhurst ave station.	0
a friend brought me here and it was just okay food.	0
i had the pad thai and my friend had the green curry.	0
he liked the curry it was tasty.	0
my pad thai noodle was cooked well but the taste was a bit lacking.	0
the duck salad that we ordered was a bit too tart.	0
place is small and the people are nice though.	0
love this tiny hole in the wall in elmhurst.	0
we always order the hoijoh to start which is stuffed crabmeat wrapped in fried bean curd skin served with plum sauce.	0
their pad thai is another fave.	0
unlike some places that make the pad thai too soft or too sweet or not sweet enough they serve this well balanced their papaya salad chicken massaman curry and tom yum are always must haves when we come service is always with a smile.	0
love it one of the worst service ever experienced in years.... very rude and shocking have ordered pad thai which i usually have it different restaurants and thought would be authentic but it was horrible.	0
when complained to the lady at the counter she says she doesnt care about it..... wow never thought someone would talk to a customer like that.they were literally fighting with other customers for tips.	0
their management must take care of their waiters or some day they would kill their customers for tips.very unsatistified customer.... will never visit this place again.	0
i consider chao thai up to par with spicy shallot and sri pra pai.	0
at first i was pretty doubtful but my friend highly recommended this place so we went to try it out.	0
this is why you should never judge a book by its covers.	0
the restaurant is a bit hidden away and fairly small in the inside.	0
nothing fancy really.	0
theres also a grade pending sign taped on the window.	0
i was still skeptical when i sat down but the food..it is amazing.	0
tasted extremely authentic and the sauce was flavorful.	0
i might actually eat here instead of spicy shallot.	0
price is decent too nothing overpriced.we got the pad thai and pad sew eew.	0
both were fantastic.	0
you should ask for less ice for their thai tea though.	0
the whole cup was ice.	0
craved thai food and had been meaning to try this little shop for a while.long story short we ordered the basics pad thai papaya salad tom ka gai pad see eew and thai iced tea.	0
papaya salad we did no spicy and it was super refreshing on a hot day.	0
sweet savory and tangy.	0
tom ka gai bowl is big enough for two to share.	0
creamy and flavorful.	0
so delicious way better than other thai restaurants in queens and very authentic.	0
bring cash and your appetite.	0
will definitely be coming back for more.	0
they definitely put the ice in a thai ice tea the food was mixed on this visit and not to the high quality i first tried a year ago.	0
not bad just not exciting.	0
i cant think why i would return.	0
this is my favorite go to thai restaurant in elmhurst we usually order the crispy pork w. chinese broccoli and the pad kra prao with ground chicken.	0
the soft shell crab and mango salad is very good too as well as their curries finally made it pilin on w 4 stars.	0
this is right cross street from new yorker market wife is vn and its where she likes to get her veggies.takeout sun noon.	0
small place but it was full about half of tables had kids my 8mo old was strapped to my chest.	0
prices average but portions above as was taste.	0
got pad kee mao noodle and pad prik praow seafood.	0
medium was nice and zippy.	0
safe dishes its what they recommended my dictates were one rice and one noodle.	0
lotsa noodle.	0
as mentioned very friendly but not only service but those dining.	0
im still all about spp but when wife is shopping cross street this works.	0
curries next.	0
called to speak to the owner.	0
employee who answered the phone hung up on me.	0
small cozy restaurant with not much of an ambiance but thats not the reason why anyone should come to this restaurant.	0
the food was delicious bursting with flavor and fresh ingredients.	0
the papaya salad was bigger and tastier than sripraphais.	0
the prices were very reasonable as well.	0
i love love love this hole in the wall this restaurant is one of the best thai restaurants that ive ever been to.	0
my boyfriend and i are usuals and we hope that it never moves or closes down.	0
it gets very crowded and busy during dinner time but its worth the wait.	0
we always start with the seafood mango salad which is spicy so we always ask that they make it mild.	0
other favorite dishes are the tom yum seafood soup pad thai with tofu fried rice with salted fish sauteed morning glory and many more.	0
definitely try the thai iced tea and the gingerale drink with real ginger.	0
the coconut juice is also delicious but a little on the sweet side.	0
they only take cash no credit cards and they do not serve alcohol fyi.	0
good enough that i dragged myself to elmhurst from hunters point.	0
twice.	0
in one week.	0
whole fish  delicious.	0
the mixed seafood in curry with thai basil bamboo squid shrimp and fish balls i asked for no mussels was awesome.	0
so so fresh and good.	0
the curries are deliciousand spicy.	0
the green papaya salad is awesomely limey and pungent sadly it has no tiny dried shrimp in it though.	0
real thai iced tea and im desperate to try their mango with sticky rice but i was too stuffed both times with food to try it.	0
the space is tiny and super casual and i kind of dont want to blow it up anymore but a shoutout to my silly friend whose other silly friend brought him here and i will definitely be hitting this place up as often as humanly possible.	0
the food tastes great but in terms of service ive had two drastically different experiences.the first time i went to chao thai with my family everything was peachy.	0
my sister and i ordered the chicken curry to share and it came in a large bowl with more than enough for both of us.	0
the second time i brought my thenboyfriend maybe thats why.	0
ohsnap there and it was a nightmare.	0
we ordered the exact same thing to share but it took forever to get to us.	0
we saw at least 5 delivery orders go out before we got our food.	0
and when we finally did i was confused to find that it was a significantly smaller portion than last time.	0
and to top it off despite the entire restaurant being one tinysized room i could barely even get any attention from the waitresses to refill my water and even when it came time to ask for the check i had to keep waving for her.	0
it was as if they forgot we were even therei understand it was a much busier night the second time but it was was really just inexcusable.	0
and being in such a small space its impossible not to notice andor feel offended.	0
my thenboyfriend and i felt extremely uncomfortable with the whole situation.its been a while so maybe i would be willing to give them another chance.	0
but with so many other places to try and so many good thai places in ny i dont think they deserve it.if youre in queens check out rice avenue instead.	0
literally just picked up my three orders of spring rolls and im disgusted by the quality of these.	0
if you google spring rolls you will not find one picture that looks like what i just got.	0
they look gross with a flaky messy texture all over and they smell like fish.	0
i called to see if i can get some sort of replacement dish but got nothing.	0
so if something so simple as spring rolls was messed up i can only imagine the main dishes.	0
never going back.	0
and just a quick tip for anyone ordering look at your order before you pay for because this order was done for pick up over the phone.	0
i made the trek to chao thai to sample its boat noodle soup  i had heard from my thai gf that it was one of the best in the new york area.	0
unfortunately the boat noodle soup was not even close to the awesome quality of sapp coffee shop in hollywood ca.	0
the broth was good although not hot enough.	0
the huge pieces of beef in the soup were of poor quality  so tough i didnt even bother eating them.	0
no matter where i have thai food i always sample the pad kra prow.	0
the rendition here was excellent and the portion was enormous.	0
other items coming out of the kitchen looked good so i might come back to try other things.	0
the clientele is all thai and the service comes with the trademark smile.	0
where else can you get phenomenal thai in a 300 sq foot holeinthewall storefront across from the noisy lirr trackselmhurstchao thai would seriously destroy any other thai restaurant in the other four boroughs.	0
but the fact that it is in queens  home of sripraphai and my new favorite ayada  gives it a hard act to follow.chao thai holds its own.my wife and i were blown away by the unassumingly boringsounding fried dumplings with soy sauce as our starter.	0
what came out was more of a ricedough pancake stuffed with greens and pan fried to perfection.	0
paired with a deep salty soy sauce it was simplicity in a state of perfection.the papaya salad was also worth the hype.	0
chewy strands of grated papaya tossed with a pungent citrus sauce with green chilies crushed peanuts tender red onions.main dishes were also solid.	0
the special fried softshell crab with shredded mango was one of the most satisfying dishes i have tasted in a long time.	0
imagine deep fried crab topped with shredded mango salad.	0
the green mango strands added a sour edge cut by the acidity of the citrus all contrasted by the sweet fried perfection of the crab.	0
red curry with tofu seemed to be a standard dish although it was done exceptionally well at chao thai.	0
the main flavor wasnt an overly sweetened americanized coconut curry flavor but rather a briny elixir thickened by the white milky goodness.as i mentioned before chao thai would get a raving 5 stars if it werent in queens.	0
but as a service to my other favs ayada and sripraphai i give it 4 stars.	0
chao thai is solid but its flavors arent as bright as ayadas and its menu isnt as vast as sripraphai.	0
perhaps this is due to its growing popularity more americanized flavors.	0
or perhaps this is due to its limited size way smaller than sripraphai.	0
in any case chao thai is damn good.	0
way better than any trendy thai place.	0
more focused than sripraphai.	0
and less aggressive than ayada.	0
this place definitely has a lot going for it.	0
i live about a 5 min walk from this place so i have no excuse for not trying it sooner  now i am hooked.	0
took 2 sets of out of town visitors recently and we all loved this place.	0
this place merits 5 stars for the great food and friendly staff even if it is a small place not fancy and accepts only cash.	0
all in all though in has its local charm.... and thats what makes it even better ive never had a waiting issue  but i have probably just gone on off hours.	0
on the first occasion i took a friend who had never had thai food gasp so we ordered more standard items papaya salad amazing  really nice kick fried tofu appetizer pad thai yum massaman curry and spring rolls and thai ice tea of course.	0
though my friend loved the m curry i thought it just ok as were the spring rolls actually my vegetarian friend selected that only to find out they had fish in them.	0
then i took another set of friends and we ordered the coconut chicken soup pad eggplant shrimp fried rice pineapple fried rice with curry soft shell crap with curry powder rice flat noodle with chicken squid and egg  everything was awesome.	0
we had tons of leftovers and paid 80 for 4 people including tip.	0
i seriously cant wait to go back and try something new.	0
one of the best thai foods i ever had.	0
price is moderate.	0
it is a small hole in the wall with not many tables but management changed.	0
my family and i used to wait like 40 minutes for one order to come out.	0
now each dish is out in 5 to 10 minutes.	0
i think they have it hot and when ordered they cook it for a little bit before serving.	0
still elmhurst is already little asia.	0
it is not chinatown or koreatown.	0
it has taiwanese thai chinese malaysian korean indonesian.	0
the city does not compare to food here mainly because the price is amazing and rather than pay for the name you want to end up in more hole in the wall spots like this cozy restaurant.	0
what a wonderful find went on a lunch date with my boyfriend and we were definitely pleased with our meals.	0
the food taste so good small spot but the service was good.	0
recommended to me by the lovely shae c. i ventured out to elmhurst on a friday night to satisfy a craving for thai food.	0
as others have mentioned the restaurant is tiny.	0
we had to wait about 15 minutes for a table but it was well worth it.	0
the menu was huge with plenty of choice for all kinds of tastes.	0
we had the spring roll appetizer which was good but not spectacular.	0
id probably try something else before ordering it again.	0
the boyfriend had the frogs legs which he loved and i had the panang curry with tofu which was also fantastic.	0
the great thing about chao thai is that even though the food is amazing and there are a ton of options it doesnt have the same lets feed as many people as possible as quickly as possible feeling that sripraphai has.	0
its much more intimate and neighborhoody.	0
went there many times and i just can say the taste is very authentic very flavorful too bad i dont go to queens	0
 im korean and ive had a lot of korean food in my life and i think this restaurant has done it ive never been astonished by korean food at a restaurant before.	0
i really think my eyes came out of my sockets when i tasted the dishes.	0
my parents have been coming here for a while but it was the first time they took me and i was so upset why it took them so long to bring me lol we ordered the nakji bokem seng ate jjigae and tofu jae yook bokem.	0
they all had its own unique spicy taste but each of them including the kimchi side dishes surpassed my expectations.	0
i was so full but i literally could not stop eating.	0
although it was packed on a monday late evening  i cant imagine what it would be like on a friday night the staff was quick to accommodate our requests.	0
they also had two types of rice white and purple.	0
the healthy purple rice made me feel slightly less guilty for overeating until i could barely keep my pants buttoned lol we ended the meal with customary free dessert fresh pineapple slices and this pumpkin drink.	0
im not a fan of pumpkin so i didnt love but it was free and i was too full to drink it anyways.	0
although hahm ji bach is super far and out of the way from where i live and work i will be back very soon.	0
my new favorite korean bbq restaurant.	0
the waitress was wonderful.	0
she explained every dish and there were a lot in the bon chan complimentary side dishes.	0
we had the pork belly best i ever had.	0
seafood pancake that was light and delicious.	0
followed up with the la golbi beef.	0
so delicious and the staff is so friendly and happy to show you how to eat each dish properly.	0
looking forward to going back with friends really soon.	0
what a fantastic experiencehahm ji bach offers very authentic reasonably priced korean food in a restaurant with individual booths.	0
by far the best part was the extensive unlimited banchan appetizers.	0
i have never been to a korean restaurant that offered so many diverse kinds.	0
from what i recall there were traditional cabbagebased kimchi very spicymyulchi bokkeum stirfried dried anchoviesgamja saelleodeu potato salad with raisinsgaji nuamul boiled eggplantoi sobagi cucumber kimchikkadugi radish kimchijapchae cold glass noodles made from sweet potatoeskongnamul soybean sproutssoft tofugreen vegetables my favorite appetizers were the dried anchovies potato salad eggplant soybean sprouts and glass noodles.	0
one could fill up on these alone for the main course we ordered the samchi guigrilled spanish mackerel served with fermented soybean paste soup 15.99and the doenjang jigaefermented soybean paste stew with seafood tofu and vegetables 10.99. in hindsight we should have reconsidered the second item since it was similar to the soup that came with the fish.	0
however the stews were so good with generous servings of seafood.	0
the grilled mackerelan entire fishwas superb ive never had grilled mackerel where it was perfectly charred on the outside yet tender and flavorful on the inside.	0
this is the best version ive ever had before and would highly recommend it.	0
service was solid with one exception.	0
oddly they dont serve hot water.	0
i had requested hot water and the waitress said they could only offer barley tea instead.	0
unfortunately the tea never came so we settled for the ice water.	0
the ambiance could be improved with brighter lighting creating more warmth.	0
we encountered no wait at 8pm on a sunday.	0
overall though we had a wonderful experience worthy of the 50minute car ride from midtown manhattan.	0
location flushing bound again now we decide to hop to koreantown at flushing.	0
this is a highly ranked place so we decide to get it a try.	0
i heard it would be in line after 7pm so we got there a bit early on a friday evening before 7pm.	0
yeah we aint in line.	0
by the time we left there was a line already.	0
food had their seafood pancake tofu soup and pork belly.	0
damn goodthe pancake is very crispy.	0
tofu soup is not that spicy but a bit salty contracting to what i expected spicy and sweet.	0
lastly bbq pork belly is always the best to have.	0
service some great service that i have ever experienced here.	0
very accommodating and warm.	0
overall  i would give a 3.5 stars.	0
should be 4 but the tofu soup is bit disappointing seems like we came here on the perfect weekday night since we found parking easily and the wait staff was able to provide some awesome service.	0
went with their three meat combo recommendation and what seemed like too much for two people easily became palatable after it was cooked.	0
plenty of quality sides including sardines and fermented veggies.	0
tried the ob beer which was a nice compliment to the food.	0
you can find better korean bbq for sure but this place seems to combine the whole experience better than most other places.	0
delicious traditional korean food.	0
when you walk in you see all the awards so you know they are dong something righteven though i cant read any of them...could just be taekwondo trophies so dont piss them off.	0
the waiters are super friendly and quick.	0
i started off with the japchae and seafood pancake.	0
the japchae was surprisingly good especially with the beef and veggies.	0
the seafood pancake is probably my favorite pancake ive had in a long time.	0
its got a good chew with a nice crunch in the outside.	0
for my main i ordered the la galbi with cold noodles no complaints.	0
i tried some of my girlfriends bibimbap and i thought it couldve used some more crunch on the rice so maybe our stone pot wasnt hot enough but it wasnt bad.	0
good stuff if youre in the neighborhood but the wait can get a little long so i would advise coming before 7pm or be ready to wait 3060 mins.	0
first time coming here even if i dine around murray hill often.	0
whenever i pass by its always super crowded and parking is a nightmare.	0
during the week its not as bad and you can easily find a parking spot on northern 2 blocks up.	0
i came with 2 other friends and we ordered the kimchi stew with dumplings.	0
we ordered the large size which was more than enough to feed the 3 of us.	0
i would say its big enough for at least 45 people.	0
they gave us a ton of side dishes and they were all fairly good.	0
they even offered to refill on some side dishes we devoured while waiting for our soup.the kimchi stew came with udon noodles rice cake dumplings in a boiling pot of kimchi stew.	0
it was flavorful with kimchi and perfect to eat with rice.	0
i like rice cake in my kimchi stew normally so i was thrilled to see them in this.	0
at the end they gave pineapple slices and the pumpkin juice which was delicious it was light and refreshing with a hint of pumpkin and a few pumpkin pieces.	0
seriously its pumpkin season wow ive never been to a korean restaurant that offers so many side dishes  its great  we ordered pork belly and marinated pork tenderloin to grill.	0
they not only grilled it for us but they also served us.	0
we also ordered a large korean army plot which had generous portions of spam sausages and noodles.	0
the food was delicious and filling for three people.	0
we actually had left overs swimming in the pot of stew.	0
note they dont take reservations for less than 8 people parking is not easy in the area impromptu visit to new york from boston with husband 4 year old year son and younger brother who was spending the weekend from college.	0
flushing aka korean town was a must visit location.	0
we happened to stumble upon this restaurant on yelp when our plan a closed permanently.	0
ironically plan b was the a restaurant that replaced plan as old spot.	0
we went on a saturday night around 8 pm.	0
parking was limited but we were able to find one after one loop around the block.	0
another yelper mentioned that there is valet parking but i have not confirmed this.	0
although i was told by the hostess that the wait was about five minutes though it be more like ten this is still very good for a packed restaurant on a saturday night.	0
there were no empty tables.	0
all good signs.	0
we ordered from the special menu i believe it was close to the last page on the menu.	0
we ordered the valentine meal set which comes with your choice of a stew and steamed egg.	0
the valentine was a trio of beef fatty beef beef tongue and beef brisket.	0
all three were delectable.	0
the fatty beef i recommend eating rolled up with the lettuce leaf with some shredded scallion and then dip it into the soy bean paste.	0
the beef tongue the waitress recommended we eat it with a little bit of the kosher salt.	0
the brisket was the best and saved for last.	0
it was juicy and tender.	0
for stew we ordered the kimchee stew and that too was very tasty with small bits of pork and tofu.	0
the broth was just slightly sour as it should be from the kimchee.	0
we also ordered thick cuts of pork belly came with two slices.	0
the waitress recommended we eat this by dipping the pork into the peanut powder and sauce that came alongside the powder then wrapping it up inside of a thin slice of pickle daikon with a small amount of sliced scallions.	0
this was a new experience for me and it was pretty good.	0
usually i would wrap it up in lettuce leaf and dip it into the soy bean paste.	0
there were at least a dozen side dishes that came standard with the entree purchases.	0
not sure how but all of the dishes fitted in the table granted the table was a decent size.	0
the selection and quality was amazing.	0
you also get to select the rice grain you want.	0
i recommend the purple rice which is more flavorful and offer different textures.	0
i went with purple rice once and never went back.	0
service was exceptional.	0
our waitress was very efficient.	0
anything we asked she brought within a minuet.	0
she frequently checked in on us and cook our food and cut up the meat.	0
she refilled our salad and shredded onion when asked.	0
she even played with me son and fed him.	0
dessert was on the house.	0
when we asked for the check our waitress bought out a chilled sweet pumpkin drink with small bits of pumpkin.	0
great for hot summer nights.	0
also on the house was a wedge of pineapple pre sliced and came with toothpicks for easy handling.	0
i would definitely recommend this place.	0
service is amazing and was what made the experience memorable.	0
the food was plentiful and price reasonable.	0
see my pictures.	0
place is definitely a happening spot.	0
people were waiting outside to get a table.	0
its probably a great place to go to if you know what you are ordering or speaking their native language.	0
i saw on yelp they had over 800 reviews so i assumed it would be great as ellen degeneres would say you should never assume.	0
you know what happens when you assume.	0
you make an ass out of you and me because thats how its spelled.	0
i was excited to bring my out of town friend here.	0
my friend traveled all the way to flushing queens for its korean food.	0
we waited 10 minutes to get a table.	0
as soon as we were seated the waitress came and wanted to know our order.	0
she was very polite smiling and bowing after seating us.	0
however did not have the time to explain the menu.	0
we arent experienced in korean cuisine so we didnt really know what to order.	0
our waitress kept getting interrupted by another waitress so she went w another waitress in the middle of us conversing and never returned to finish what she was saying.	0
not sure what my friend had in his mind he ended up ordering beef bibinbap not knowing what to order.	0
he was very unhappy w his meal.	0
he said his dish didnt have enough meat he could barely taste any it was mostly rice.	0
when we asked another waitress in the vicinity if his bibinbap had meat in it she said yes there is meat its ground beef so from my understanding and what i was told by my friend they were frugal w their meat ground beef and my friend left very unhappy.	0
i ordered plain glass noodles pretty basic.	0
i wanted to try all the little side dishes they brought but i was afraid to bc i didnt know which ones were vegetarian and which werent bc no one had the time to explain it to us.	0
the place felt like everyone working there was on adderall or cocaine.	0
super fast wanted to get people in and out.	0
eat and go go go vibe.	0
not a place i would recommend if you want a good enjoyable dining experience.	0
i would not recommend this place to take someone on a first date either.	0
its super loud and their service is just there to serve food and leave to attend another table in a hurry.	0
giving it a 2 star bc i feel bad for their non stop on their feet staff who get worked like race horses.	0
fast doesnt always mean best service.	0
parking in the area flushing queens in general is torturous.	0
i ended up getting a ticket so be careful when you are looking for parking.	0
take an uber instead.	0
it is really hard to find parking close to the restaurant especially with so many korean bbq restaurants around the area.	0
if you dont want to find street parking the restaurant itself have valet parking.	0
i came here a couple of times and tried many kind of foods.	0
they specialize in korean bbq but not all of them are good.	0
for korean bbq their pork belly la beef and ribeye are good and the rest are okay.	0
their cold noodle is also good.	0
to me it used to be my favorite place to go to when i want to eat korean bbq.	0
recently their serves just went downhill with our server being disrespectful when she thinks we didnt order enough food.	0
i understand you want more tips but is this really how you treat a costumer.	0
i am really disappointed about the way they manage their staff.	0
hopefully they will improve or they will be losing me as their costumer.	0
this was my first time having korean bbq and i really loved it.	0
we got a bunch of meats only as the sides dont have to be ordered and are refilled when finished as well.	0
just a great experience overall.	0
ill definitely come back came here to try their sangyapsul thick cut pork belly since thats what their know for.	0
it was quite fresh and good quality that you couldnt tell the oiliness of it.	0
wrap it with the daikon and dip a bit of the sweet soy sauce and yellow bean powder and youll get a sweet bite.	0
although i personally like the sesame oil salt dip better since this made it a bit too sweet for my liking.	0
their bulgogi is mixed with veggies and not overly marinated which is great thin and fresh as well not frozen rolls.	0
their yukhoe steak taretare was average.	0
ive tasted better and its a bit on the pricy side for how little they give.	0
overall a solid kbbq.	0
pay with cash and you get 5 discount close to 20 for seafood pancake and it wasnt even really that good.	0
the pancake was very doughy floury.	0
the outer layer of the pancake wasnt crispy at all.	0
it was very fluffy and spongy not my style at all.	0
also a lack of seafood in the pancake which really ticked me off because we order two.	0
off to a bad start 40 down the drain.seafood soondubu it was decent.	0
nothing to write home about.	0
it wasnt served sizzling hot.	0
it wasnt even hot enough to cook my egg properly.	0
places like bcd serves it piping hot so when you crack the egg it cooks right.	0
this thing came out like it was just chilling in the kitchen for some period before it made it to our table.next up the cold noodles.	0
this is just my opinion i think korean cold noodles suck 10 plus dollars for this cold trash.	0
their broth tasted like sour piss.	0
pear slices thinner than trojan bare skin condoms.	0
then they give you condiments.	0
a bottle of vinegar and mustard.	0
for what to make it taste like yellow piss i didnt even know there was meat in there until my last scoop.	0
there was one and i mean one slice of beef in this bowl of cold noodles then i was told this was originated from north korea.	0
great so im paying over 13 for peasant food from the hermit kingdom.	0
even on a hot day it was i cant see the joy of eating this.	0
ive had different cold noodles before but this right here is just cold trash.	0
i would never ever wanna spend another dime on this again.best part was the ban chan and its service.	0
theres plenty of seating and the host waitresses here were all quite friendly.	0
would i come here again maybe just not for their seafood pancake and the cold noodles.	0
and please dont ask whether the bowl or broth was cold enough.	0
it was plenty cold and it still tasted like cold shit.	0
the service wasnt great.	0
the place is clean but thats the only positive about it.	0
it was a struggle to get water because the waiters werent very attentive.	0
the fried dumplings cost 14 which for a table of 4 college kids was very pricey.	0
we ordered marinated beef beef brisket and pork belly.	0
the beef brisket was good but also very expensive.	0
we got 2 plates which totaled to 60 for just a few grams of beef.	0
to actually get everyone full it cost us 50 each.	0
what can you do with 50 rather than flushing it down the toilet 2 hours later honestly for a place with eh service and where we had to ask for banchan refills i did not give my 50 over happily.	0
im upset we never got pickled cucumber because thats one of my personal favorites.	0
one waitress took our full basket of salad and put plates into it and just walked away without ever asking if we were done with it.	0
i was eating it.	0
such a waste of food.	0
the food quality was good and the bathroom was clean.	0
perks of this place are that it is open 24 hours and the bathroom is single stall which means you get privacy.	0
the hallway is really dark to get to the bathroom though.	0
elderly people or people with poor vision may struggle a bit.	0
it was humid today and the restaurant didnt have the air on because it wasnt peak lunch hour by the time wed arrived.	0
the second time we ordered food the waiter left the grill on and it was smoking with nothing on it.	0
the servers from far away pointed and did nothing about it.	0
the best server was the young hispanic guy.	0
the korean ladies all except the first lady who helped us with the grill were distant and acted like we were an inconvenience for them to serve us.	0
this is not a good location for drivers.	0
there are chairs outside which means that there is an occasional wait.	0
we went when the restaurant was completely empty and already had to look for parking.	0
i cannot imagine the struggle at a busier time.	0
there is a lirr station right outside though so if you want a easier commute consider the lirr.	0
overall this place is overrated.	0
the cons of this place definitely outweigh the perks.	0
thanks but no thanks.	0
this is by far the best korean bbq in new york.	0
portions are all very generous.	0
fantastic sides with no limit.	0
oh and the staff are friendly and helpful.	0
the restaurant was packed when we got here around 6pm for dinner it seemed like the goto spot to go with family.	0
i later found out they are opened late night probably to fed the younger crowd after a late night out.the service was great even though she was busy and her english was not the best the waitress was attentive and tried her best to explain some of the dishes.	0
we got the japchae the pork belly the galbi and a few other dishes to try.	0
the other dishes were ok but the thick pork belly and the japchae is defintely the must order items.	0
the pork belly is very nicely seasoned and tasted amazing.i would definitely come back more often if i did not live far away and getting here on public transportation is close to impossible.	0
really friendly staff.	0
they give you lots of chanssides.	0
we ordered bulgolgi and galbi.	0
came out to 70. definitely a comeback again place.	0
i would say the food is a bit pricy  but is def worth it.	0
the entrees come with a bunch of different different side dishes which are all very good.	0
kalbi marinated beef  the meat was very well seasoned  was not chewy at all like many places  i appreciated that.	0
cant wait to come back what a nice surprise my godbrother took me here when i felt like having some korean food.	0
the owner was very friendly and service was great.	0
we ordered the kalbi short ribs bibimbap which i thought was good.	0
lots of veggies and meat and of course sauce on the side so you can adjust your spiciness level.	0
hubby got the kalbi tang which is basically kalbi in a broth soup with some veggies and vermicelli noodle.	0
its a very light soup dish with rice on the side.	0
but what i liked about this place was its generous portions of meat.	0
we had enough to save for lunch and the bill wasnt bad 60 for 5 dishes including the seafood pancake for the four of us was considered affordable for korean food.	0
i definitely would love to be back in the area of murray hill the lirr comes straight here.	0
theyve got cafe fix for dessert next door and coffee factory on the corner.	0
its a win win.	0
hahm ji bach has not disappointed me after coming here several times already.	0
they have a great reputation for their various banchans and for their service.	0
the space is very open and tables are spacious.	0
you wont be leaving the restaurant smelling like meat.	0
this time i came here with my boyfriend and we ordered a japchae spicy pork bibimbap and 2 orders of thick pork belly.	0
this was a bit too much food for two especially when you are also served with so many side dishes.	0
we also had fresh steamed egg that was given to us towards the middle of our dinner.	0
the japchae and spicy pork bibimbap were both good not better or worst than anywhere else but were made very nicely.	0
the main reason why we come here is for their thick pork belly.	0
they raised the price to 20.99 for 2 slices.	0
the meat is not frozen and it tastes so good with the dipping sauce and bean powder in a lettuce wrap with some kimchi.	0
they also have thin radish wraps that also goes well with the pork our waiter was really nice and sweet.	0
she will often come over to help us cook our meat as well as refilling our banchans.	0
after your meal they serve you a cup of sweet pumpkin pure with ice and large piece of a pineapple.	0
second time coming here didnt noticed until i arrived the second time.	0
came here for a late lunch and ordered the veggie soondubu seafood pancake and my friend ordered the seafood soondubu.	0
i remembered the last time i came the seafood pancake was really crispy however this time it was more on the mushy side great flavor though.	0
i think they changed the dipping sauce too it was just salty no sesame or peppers in it.	0
my veggie soondubu was just some zucchini and my friend had a big clam in hers.	0
was a good spice and they had the option of white or brown rice we went for the white rice .	0
i didnt know they put the egg in for me so i popped my egg .	0
when eating the side dishes they automatically collects when its empty and offers to replenish it very attentive and the older ladies has the sweetest genuine smiles.	0
they refill our tea quite often too.when asking for the check they come with 2 pumpkin slushy drinks.	0
its very refreshing and not too sweet.	0
i wanted to buy the drink however they dont sell it they asked if i wanted another one though.	0
i would come back to try the bbq you can always count on hahm ji bach for consistently fresh and good quality food generous unlimited banchans and amazing koreanmando speaking waitresses.	0
ive been to hjb twice and i havent been disappointed.	0
its a little hard to find parking in the area but there is valet parking available.	0
the first time i came here was a little over a year ago.	0
my friend ordered vegetable bibimbap and i ordered a spicy beef dish and a crab dishthe in which you mix rice in the crab shell.	0
the spicy beef dish is pretty spicy.	0
the chef really doesnt skimp on the hot pepper the crab dish could have been better.	0
there were only 34 crabs and a shit ton of soy sauce.	0
there were barely any crab eggs in the shell either.	0
the second time i came here was a completely different experience.	0
it was more formal since my boss was treating and one of my coworkers actually worked here before hehe.	0
we were all seated in a level downstairswhich i didnt even know existed.	0
we ordered 34 different kinds of kbbq meats and a lot of different entrees.	0
if you have watched anime before picture a whole wooden table filled with sparkling food.	0
yup thats how it was like my second time here.the food is generally pretty fresh especially the kalbi marinated beef pork belly bulgogi and spare ribs omg.	0
one of our servers accidentally burnt four of the spare ribs and immediately replaced them and gave us a complimentary clear noodle dish.	0
anyways the meat was really good and fresh.	0
my best friend loved it.	0
we also ordered korean pancakesvegetable  kimchi and they were both amazing and thick and not like the packaged frozen ones that some other restaurants serve.	0
i also ordered a dish that had pollock wrapped in lettuce and drenched in a hot pepper soup base.	0
the pollock was really fresh and the texture made me feel as if i were eating regular animal meat.	0
it was really goodjust the pollock.	0
every other component was merely decoration to bring out the best of the pollock flavor and texture.	0
for a wholesome experience i recommend that you come here with a large crew.	0
i feel that that is what hjb excels in and it really brings out the character and intention of the meaning behind hahm ji bach.	0
do you like unlimited ban chans aka side dishes well this place is beyond just ban chans it was a spread like no other... royaltya friend picked this place for our annual girls dinner yes we do this every year yes we pick a different restaurant every year and yes i only get to see them once a year... bc everyone moved out of brooklyn except me... bet theyre sorry now lol.the goods they take reservations however even so youd still have to wait a minimum of 2030 mins they have valet parking uh... a park space in flushing is like seeing a unicorn they have an inside waiting area w a heating lamp and omg the ban chans galore refilled is like crazy i love all the side dishes  especially the fried fish cake its like a meal for vegetarians.. ha ha inside joke... cuz apparently the gf who picked this kbbq is a vegetarian  oh why would she picked this place she knows our stomachs too well self sacrifice love her the meats were tender  we got short ribs galbi rib eye pork belly kimchi jeon a spicy soondae blood sausage w lots of innards they cook for you as many kbbq also provide this svc  never pressures you to eat pay  go the bad really just the waiting... and one freaking bathroom... totally worth it all that food for 5 ahjummas lol about 48 a person  not bad at all happy kbbq hunting yelpers came here again for my friends birthday wasnt sure if i wanted to come knowing last time i was here the service sucked.	0
not surprised theyre still the same.	0
our waitress wasnt friendly at all she didnt respond when we asked her to refill our water and it took us 5 tries until she finally gave us some water dying of thirst here... ahhh.	0
she had no patience when we were ordering our food and had this attitude when we asked for recommendations.	0
dont bother asking because she will just point to the most expensive items on the list or tell you to stick to the barbecue section.	0
who said i only wanted barbeque and whats the point of keeping other items on the list if youre not going to let us order from there still cant believe her attitude.	0
now to the food we got seafood pancake pork belly japchae spicy pork galbi and squid.	0
the portion was waaay too small for the price and the flavor for spicy pork and squid were exactly the same.	0
pork belly had no flavor at all so youll just have to use the dipping sauce they provided umm.. not great.	0
seafood pancake was kinda bland and i tasted only pancake with no trace of seafood... if you want to find better seafood pancake i recommend checking out arirang near 163st they make it so much better there.	0
youll actually get seafood pieces in the pancake and not just dough.	0
japchae was decent but also small in portion.	0
they wouldnt refill our banchan when we asked the lady was like oh you have to finish them all before we give you a new batch.	0
that never happened and we didnt bother asking again.	0
when we got the bill they calculated tips post tax and demand that amount even if you dont want to pay that much tbh for the service we got i didnt even want to tipoverall i wouldnt recommend coming to this place might be better if youre korean there are other places nearby that provides way better service and better food.	0
googong tan next door is good or kang ho dong baekjeong is good for korean barbeque.	0
i dont normally give any restaurants 1 star but this experience was the worst wont be coming back again.	0
i think i said this last time too when i was here but decided to give it another chance since it was my friends birthday... worst decision ever  awesome korean bbq place i had my first experience here tonight and the service was so friendly and the meat was so delicious we ordered the chef special which was a pork valentine and it came with three different types of pork for 69.99. this in combination with all the banchan they gave us was way more than two people can possibly finish.	0
the sides were great i especially loved the salad with dressing fish cakes and kimchi soup.	0
the salad was soooo good i could just eat a whole bowl of that.	0
our server demonstrated how to put the meat on a lettuce wrap with green pepper sauce or on a radish slice and i really appreciated that.	0
they were all very accommodating and friendly the meat was incredibly flavorful im not a huge meat eater but that pork was out of this world.	0
especially what i think was supposed to be spicy pork that one was my favorite.	0
i love spice so the kimchi soup has great flavor but fermented food did not sit all that well with me.	0
the pork was the star of the dish and it filled me up after three or four slices definitely come here with a group.	0
our waitress asked if we wanted more of any banchan and we got more of the delicious salad.such a nice restaurant and atmosphere casual and fun.	0
definitely want to come here again and try more of the menu options the meal ended with a pineapple and pumpkin slush.	0
as real as it gets.	0
good for korean bqq late night munchiesdrunchies dinner.a bit loud due to grilling and drunk ahjummas and ahjusshis but hey gotta love em all.	0
seafood pancake definitely one of the better seafood pancakes i have had in a long time.	0
definitely shareable.	0
crunchy on the edges just the way i like it.	0
soondubu i personally think it is better than bcd sorry bcd fans.	0
dinosaur got the seafood soondubu and the soup was reallly good.	0
not too spicy but has that korean spice to it.	0
one of my fav parts about the restaurant is the banchan.	0
seriously like 10 different dishes 3 different kinds of kimchi and all sorts of yumminess.	0
service is on point as well.	0
they sell soju flavored soju beer etc.	0
valet parking free i think accepts tip and a small parking lot in the back.	0
love this korean bbq spot in queens with nice traditional vibe.	0
the place has more than 10 banchan dishes per table including my favorite dried silver fish with roasted peanut i ate like 3 plates of this myself and cucumber kimchi.	0
the meat was grilled by pork fat which added nice fatty flavor and beautiful charred outside the meat.	0
we ordered bbq duck which was slightly chewy and fatty.	0
the thin slides of grilled duck goes very well with the sour pickle radish and wasabi soy sauce dip.	0
55 very interesting combinationthick pork belly i usually dont like grilled pork but this one is an exception.	0
the meat was grilled so that its crispy crunchy on the outside and soft inside.	0
goes well with lettuce little kimchi and soybean paste.	0
4.55traditional galbi tender juicy and well marinated.	0
they changed the grill to the eyelets type while cooking this meat so that the smoke from the charcoal infused into the beef.	0
my only complaint meat was a little overcooked for my taste but still good nonetheless.	0
45soft tofu soup with seafood good spicy flavor with clams calamari and shrimp 45.beef intestines and tripe hotpot my favorite dish here 55. i have been craving for this creamy and spicy deliciousness but couldnt find a good restaurant in la that serve this dish so i knew that i have to order it here in ny.	0
the small size stew is big enough for our party of 4. it comes with beef intestines tripe small slides of beef tofu veggies and udon.	0
what makes this thing so addictive is the juxtaposition of texture and flavors from the thick spicy broth to the soft flavorful beef intestines trust me it tastes better than it sounds and crunchy veggies.	0
now i just have to find a place that sells this in la.	0
we ended the meal with sweet pineapple and pumpkin soup as desert.	0
if you come to queens come check this place out overall great customer service the waitress checked in constantly with us and asked about to see if we needed re fill in banchan and served us very well.ordered the seafood korean pancakes and ordered a spicy seafood fish dish that is shared with 2 other people.thing about this place is that there are a lot of food options that has a decent taste but it isnt amazing foodbut with the price it is a decent place to eat and it offers valet parking and easy to find str	0
 like always khd doesnt disappoint.	1
ive been to the ktown one and with the advice of my friend also tried the flushing one.	1
this places atmosphere is pretty loud and hip.	1
when someone order the lunchbox flashing lights will go on and they put on a mini show.	1
we had 6 people so we got 2 beef large combos.	1
tasted so good the quality of meat is pretty good for the price you are paying.well worth the wait although beware they only seat you until your whole party is here.	1
the service is pretty top notch when i went.	1
also you dont really smell like bbq after dinner there is a vent on top of the bbq grill.out of all the soju i still love the peach soju.	1
goes down so smoothlyparking can be a bit tough on a weekend but still doable.	1
what a cool experience.	1
it was my first time at korean bbq but its been on my list of things to do.	1
though the price wasnt on the cheap side that may have been due to how we ordered we were a bit excited  its totally worth it.	1
we did some dumplings crisp and delicious to start.	1
the beef combo with brisket prime rib and soy marinated short ribs.	1
also we just had to get some pork belly to throw some pork in the meal.	1
the waitress was super helpful of course cooking the meats for us but also instructing us on what meat goes with what side and sauce.	1
each meat was better then the previous.	1
personally i loved the marinated short ribs i swear if we could have bought a container of the marinade we would have and the brisket was a close second so thin and juicy it fell apart as you ate it.	1
the atmosphere was laid back and had great catchy kpop music playing.	1
i really enjoyed my first time at korean bbq especially here.	1
i think overall we could have made our own meal cheaper so it would not steer me away from going back again.	1
check this place out the reviews are spot on im happy we found this place.	1
its definitely an experience.	1
warning dont come here if you are epileptic as there are flashing lights with music on occasion.im not well versed in korean bbq but i really enjoyed this place.	1
came on a saturday night and waited half an hour.	1
they dont take reservations.	1
we ordered the large beef plate combo for 3 guys and 2 girls and it was really more than enough food considering all the side dishes they provide the waiter does all the cooking so just relax.	1
the brisket and marinated short rib was amazingly tasty  coming from someone who does not like beef.	1
side dishes including sauce corn cheese steamed egg soups salad pickled items.	1
the staff are fun and they know what they are doing.	1
whenever they do the shaken rice thingy the lights flash with music which i dont understand but its funny.we spent about 25 a person including tip which i found to be a fair price i wish they told us howwhen to eat the egg and other things they put on the outer section of the grill as they cooked the meat for us lol so if this is your first time there you may be a tad confused.	1
good thing eating is mostly self explanatory so you just grab it when you think it looks cooked and youre good lol the meat here is seasonedmarinated pretty well and everything was super delicious.	1
youll probably spend around 3045 here which is pretty standard for kbbq places but a bit more than places with ayce choices.	1
food for my seoul.	1
having had korean barbecue in chicago la and even seoul this is now one of my top places to go.	1
plus their vents work so well doesnt feel like im breathing all smoke.	1
im leaning this more towards 4.5 will update.	1
service they grill the meat for you tableside.	1
if you order multiple different types they will bring out the meat in a certain order to grill so make sure you save room if your favorite cuts like galbi are at the end.	1
im split on the service.	1
during lunch when it was definitely not busy we got subpar service.	1
the guy didnt even bother flipping our egg to cook it evenly which we didnt know was actually suppose to happen until our second visit.	1
for our dinner visit however service was topnotch excellent.	1
our server had a keen eye and literally had our replacement side dishes and greens replaced at the very moments when we ran out.	1
she is probably the best kbbq server ive ever had and dinner was very crowded at the same time.	1
meatsgalbi i wouldnt say the best prime ive had but its good and the marinade is excellent.	1
def order.	1
beef tonguebelow average thin slices not tender enough  skip itpork belly yum very tender.	1
im a galbi type but this is really good quality that i would order every time im here.	1
say yes to the pig beef tartare excellent if you like your raw dishes this is a must try.	1
its raw chilled beef with seasoning on a bed of julienned korean pear and egg yolk on top.	1
i am very impressed.	1
they also do not skimp on the korean pear served which is a surprise.	1
one order is a goodsized appetizer for 34 people.	1
just as good as korea baby.	1
side dishes they have few true side dishes.	1
what they do give regular lettuce a lettuce salad with dressing and then a sliced green onion and soybean sprouts salad.	1
i love my sliced green onion salad its hard to find places that have this on the west coast and midwest.	1
they have kimchi and sweet potato served with sliced radish for wrapping.	1
around the barbecue there are compartments where egg bell peppersonions and corncheese mixture are cooked  my first time eating with these dishes cooked around the actual stove.	1
although the corncheese thing is getting big in asia.	1
pricing id say on par with the other kbbq placesbottom line lacks some consistent service but gobble up the pork belly galbi and fullon kbbq experience.	1
my date and i ordered an order of prime boneless short rib 35.99 and prime rib eye 35.99. it comes with many side dishes such as fried egg corn with cheese kimchee salads different sauces sauteed potatoes steamed broccoli etc.	1
i was a bit disappointed because they didnt put our order in so i had to flag them over.	1
the lady forgot to inform the kitchen.	1
prime boneless short rib was tasty and rib eye was okay.	1
either way happy it was not crowded since i came here for lunch early dinner at 4pm.	1
i would recommend folks to come here at night.	1
its a lot more alive and service is better.	1
it was a rainy saturday night and bon g. and i were lookiing for a late night korean bbq in queens to try for the first time.	1
we perused all the yelp reviews and chose khdb as it was on northern blvd and not in downtown flushing for our foray.	1
we got there circa 930 pm and their close is 1200. we found parking with no problem and found the venue very welcoming.a nice asian young lady wearing hot pants and high black boots took us to our table that was already set up with bon chon and even a pitcher of iced water....excellent do farwith all the sides on the table we skipped appys and went to the entres...1 small order of combo beef and 1 small order of pork...small is a misnomer as the food never stopped coming and our server was also our chef...he cooked and cut up all the meat and refilled whatever needed refilling.	1
the quality of the meat and pork was top notch and delilcious no cutting corners here.	1
we were thrilled at the quantities of different cuts we got and how they were prepared to our specific liking.	1
a plus is that the place is clean dosent smell of bbq due to the special exhausts at eadh table.	1
and the servers were always available and gave great service.the only extra was a bottle of soju which always makes the meal more enjoyable.	1
we loved eating here and are looking forward to our return visit...it was a 5 star experience on all fronts compared to many of the other korean bbqs in the area.	1
higly recommended the hype is real at this place.	1
this might just be my favorite korean bbq restaurant.	1
ive been here more than a couple of times and enjoyed every meal.	1
the service could be up and down at different times.	1
they do get really busy during their prime hours there could be quite a wait.	1
they do cook everything for you so you can just sit back and wait.	1
food service could be inconsistent.	1
i personally prefer this location over the manhattan location due to a spacious and higher ceiling dining area.	1
i love that i can leave this place not smelling like barbecue because the vent is literally right above your meat.	1
there a variety of seating some are benches stools etc.	1
i personally prefer at the two tables right by the front of the restaurant.	1
the stools are not too comfortable.	1
the tables that are connected are too small good for two tops but too tight for my comfort.	1
upon arriving the table the banchans are all set up on the table for you.	1
i enjoy the tofu kimchee and the romaine lettuce they offer for you to eat with your meat.	1
my favorite way to eat the meat is just having it cooked at the right temperature medium rare for beef and extra crispy for fatty pork then dipped into a few grains of salt.	1
the quality of the meat though.	1
my usuals are beef tartarebeef tongueprime boneless short ribmarinated boneless short ribpremium seared pork bellypremium pork jowl  cant forget some yuzu sojuthe small combo is meant to serve 23 people.	1
combos would come with limited free steamed egg corn cheese bell peppers onions and stew.	1
ordering the lunch box is an additional show.	1
i have never told them about a having a birthday at the table but you can see the enthusiasm of the staff giving their birthday wishes to other patrons that were publicly celebrating .	1
first meal in nyc and no better way to start off than one of the best kbbq spots in town fun fact the restaurant is named after a famous korean wrestler turned personality host.	1
theres another location in nyc in manhattan but we opted for this spot as it was likely less crowded.for a sunday night the wait time was relatively short about 1520 minutes or so.	1
theres only street parking available and theyre pretty limited so be prepared to circle around a few times unless you get lucky.	1
the restaurant itself is typical to most kbbq joints...dimly lit loud music blasting sprinkled with some birthday celebrations.	1
another fun fact is whenever someone orders a lunchbox item theyll completely dim the restaurants and the staff will perform some type of choreographed dance.	1
we ended up ordering the beef combo as we wanted to try a bit of everything brisket marinated short rib and prime rib eye.	1
the small order is just enough for two people coupled with the banchan items and spicy tofu soup.	1
now this is a ny thing apparently but people cant seem to be bothered grilling their own meat so the staff walks to each table and grills the meat and cuts it up for you so you can enjoy the meal to the fullest extent.	1
awesome right i dont know if i had a favorite they were all unique in their own flavor and the marbling on the meat was spectacular.	1
definitely enjoyed the experience here and wont hesitate to come back we ordered the beef combo with the prime rib eye and the meat quality was a. it was enough to feed the three of us.	1
the staff was attentive.	1
i especially loved how the egg and corn was cooked outer ring of the grill.	1
we will definitely come here again.	1
plenty of seating too.	1
4.5 stars.	1
my husband and i decided to come to this high rated korean bbq spot on the outskirts of flushing for saturday lunch at 1 pm which a few friends recommended and we were not disappointed.	1
parking is very difficult around here because all you have are metered spaces with a plethora of other food places close by but we were lucky to get a spot right in front of the restaurant.	1
we were seated within a few minutes after we walked in and service was quite good.	1
we ordered the small beef combo for 2 65 which included 3 servings of different meats brisket marinated and prime boneless short rib or prime rib eye and a beef brisket soybean stew or kimchi stew.	1
there was also a bunch of other vegetables and steamed eggs as side dishes which come with all the meat combos so that was a surprise.	1
all the meat is cooked for you at your own table by your server which was a special experience.	1
there is absolutely no carbs because all you are eating is either vegetables or meat so its definitely a bodybuilders dream come true.	1
i especially enjoyed the marinated short rib wrapped in lettuce along with their signature sauces and steamed eggs.	1
the price was quite costly at 80 after tips but all in all the meat and stew was seasoned nicely you get excellent service and an authentic korean bbq experience so its worth it imo.	1
we will be back in the future.	1
when i first came here 2 weeks ago i didnt had a good experience but today i stopped by with my man had an excellent experiencewalked in a waiter name ben said hellonice start our waiter was ben  chadboth hard working waiter and treated us well i would love to give them 5 stars but as 2 weeks ago didnt have good experience with them.	1
today ordered beef combo which includes one of your choice of soup.	1
picked bean paste stew but i didnt like it because it was kind of salty  it doesnt look like korean bean paste stew.	1
like everything elsethe meat were fresh nothing to complain about.they were asking if the food was good.	1
yes it was good yes i would recommend this place to my friends and yes i will come back next time to eat overall today got a perfect experience from themkeep up the good work this is a very lively and fun place to have a group dinnercelebration.	1
weekends are very busy so if you want to avoid long lines i would advise to go on a weekday.	1
pros their kalbi was very tender and marinated perfectly.the waiters performs a little show whenever someone orders a lunchbox.	1
order one and youll understand...valet availablethe bbq grill has a section for eggs vegetables and grilled corn with cheese.great service the staff here were spot on.	1
they offer grapefruit and peach flavored soju.	1
must tryconsvery little side dishes..gets very rowdy on weekends.tipsorder their combo meatbbq option if you would like to try a little bit of everything.make a reservation if you plan on dining in with a big group.	1
great place the decor was very cozy and interesting.	1
came with friends to celebrate my birthday the waiters were very welcoming and courteous.	1
the food was absolutely spectacular it came fairly quickly and side dishes were very tasty.	1
the service however was lacking a tad the waiter seemed to forgot about our table for a good half an hour when we had a raw piece of meat waiting to be cooked.	1
though i noticed a very unique dance one specific server did it was really interesting as ive never seen anything like it eh.	1
small menu.	1
pricey.	1
.	1
quality is so not justified by price and quanity imoturntevery time they make shaken fried rice a guy comes out in cyclops sunglasses and adorned rave glow arm bangles the lights turn off disco lights and club music comes on and he starts emphatically dancing and shouting.	1
while shaking the rice container see vid on yelp app its insane kinda cool.. then annoying like the 5th time.	1
super loud  both people and music.	1
kbbqwe were upset by the omission of bulgogi but the brisket was decent.	1
marinated boneless short rib was the star.	1
i didnt care for the veggie salad found it dry and bland.	1
soybean paste stew wasnt bad good spicy kick.	1
thought their house kimchi was disappointing esp after having amazing kimchi in koreatown.	1
unfortunately i dont think most of the condiments and salads melded well with meat12 ppl get small for 4 ppl get largeserviceour waiter barely spoke english so communication at certain points of the meal was very frustrating.	1
also none of the waiters knew what type of mushroom was placed on top of the meats thats just embarrassing  staff needs to be educatedi pass the one in the city omw to work every day.	1
ive seen huge lines daily.	1
but i would never wait in line for this thought it was decent.	1
is it the cleanest kbbq in flushing absolutely.	1
do they have amazing ventilation and great grills yes.	1
but its also the most expensive and i cant say it justified bang for buck.overall la ruined kbbq for me because ny simply doesnt cut it.	1
i love korean barbecue and kang ho dong is always part of my top 2 goto spots.	1
since my cravings for korean barbecue are so constant im so happy that theres a kang ho dong in flushing that easily accessible to me.	1
my best friend and i decided to take the bus from flushing to northern blvd.	1
a really great factor to point out is part that theres a bus stop right outside the restaurant so you dont have to worry about parking.	1
we went on a wednesday afternoon and there was only 2 tables that were seated.	1
we ordered the small pork combo that comes with stew kimchi or soybean corn cheese vegetables.	1
in addition to the combo we ordered a radish cold noodle since it can make the meal more refreshing.	1
all the meats tasted fresh and were seasoned really well.the reason i gave this place 4 stars is really because of the lack of service.	1
the waiter saw that we had ran out of lettuce wraps and sauce.	1
instead of asking if we wanted more he just moved the empty plates away from us.	1
this happened on several occasions.	1
keep in mind there was only 2 tables out of the whole restaurant that was occupied.	1
i also had to repeatedly ask for more water and napkins.	1
my experience at the kang ho dong in the city was very different because the workers there were extremely attentive and made sure the food kept coming and everyone was happy.also the lunch menu prices they have up on the walls arent updated.	1
the prices they show are from last year and we werent informed of this until we got the check.	1
probably the best and cleanest korean bbq in queens.weekends and weeknights are usually very popular and busy this is why i avoid these times to go and instead go during lunchtime.the only way to get here is to either take one of the mta buses q13q38 i believe you will need to lookup the bus map or drive here which is what i usually do.	1
parking is hard since its street parking only which is why its better to come during lunch parking is easier to find.they will not sit your entire party until they are all accounted for.they will sit you at the table which is already setup with typical korean side dishes broccoli sweet potatoes salad kimchi and their signature sauce you mix with the wasabi.	1
cabbage leaves for wrapping stuff.if youre eating for two get the small combo 6499 if youre eating for four get the large combo 99.99. i usually just opt for the beef and you choose the short rib or the rib eye.	1
both are good choices.	1
each combo comes with your choice of either kimchi stew or beef brisket soybean soup.	1
the beef brisket soybean soup has a little spicyness which is what i opt for theres already kimchi on the table so i just much on that if im craving kimchi.when the meat comes a server helps you cook everything to perfection.	1
their grills are very new and has a super efficient ventilation suction system you will not smell like a grill when you leave this place.	1
their grills also has side dishes cooking like corn cheese steamed eggs and peppers.	1
they usually move the cooked meat onto the peppers so you can grab what you want while they move on to the next meat they will cook.if you are low or about to finish your sides ask more it comes with your meal and pricing.	1
if you want some rice to eat dont hesitate to ask them.if you want more meat you can always order separate order of more beef pork or any of their other main entrees or appetizers like seafood pancakes japchae noodles overall this place is my 1 choice if im craving for korean bbq meat.	1
the service and quality of everything is 99.9. although its not all you can eat and the price is a bit medium to high your stomach will be thankful.	1
such a pleasant kbbq experience here.	1
i came here with my family after my graduation and everyone was so attentive to our needs and was so friendly.	1
they gave soooo much banchans.	1
i felt like there were limitless food combos with the amount of food they put on our table.	1
i would definitely come back again.	1
this is a really fun and delicious party if youre anywhere around queens particularly near la guardia and flushing and are craving korean bbq this is the place for youkhdb has great mix of options.	1
we really enjoyed their dumplings and seafood pancake as appetizers.	1
the dumpling was crispy on the outside and soft and juicy inside.	1
since there were 7 of us we opted for the beef combo and the pork combo.	1
everything was delicious.	1
i think my favorites were the prime short rib and the pork belly.	1
this is the first korean bbq place where the waiter also cooks the meat for you at the table.	1
the others ive been to weve done it ourselves.	1
after this experience im all for letting them do it.	1
he guided us through every type of meat and recommended different ways to try it with all the different sides.	1
a couple times during our meal the lights go down...the music comes up...and the dj lets the party loose.	1
lol.	1
its funny they have strobes and lights and they make birthdays announcements fun for a change.	1
definitely go here.	1
you will have a good time.	1
get a big group of friends together have some drinks and just let them take care of you.	1
enjoy ive loved kang hodong since his days on kbs variety show 1night2days.	1
sad hes no longer there its just not the same without him.	1
too me some time to get over that.	1
anyhoot we are not here to talk about him but the food.	1
omg this place is amazingi think ive been here about 1012 times and each time is the same satisfaction.	1
great food with great company.	1
staff is attentive and very nice.the restaurant is very spacious benches are actually for storage of your jackets and bags ingenious.	1
it goes get really packed on weekends so i try not to go then and they do not take reservations even if you have a large party its first come first serve.we typically order the comboset meals they seem to be the best bang for your buck but dont get me wrong it isnt cheap either.	1
they do replenish the bon chon which is always a plus.	1
i think the item that completes me is the egg and soup.	1
without egg and soup at a korean bbq i feel incomplete so this place completes me.i cant say if i like the beef or pork combo better they are both equally good depending on what you are in the mood for.	1
you can always go for the ala carte too if you want both options  ye come here this place is amazing definitely best in town best location too.	1
we went on a tuesday and we didnt even have to wait for the amazing food to come.	1
it was so so so good i went with someone that goes there often and we just told our server beef or pork and let him cook up a storm i didnt realize what i ate half the time might be cause of the soju but it was so good.	1
make a trip here for sure.	1
one of the best and cleanest korean barbecue restaurants in new york.	1
its a bit pricey but i do think its quite worth it for the quantity and the quality of the food that you get.the two big things here are the beef and pork combo.	1
it seems really expensive but each combo comes with 3 items and they are actually quite filling.	1
for 7 people we got a large beef combo small pork combo and some other side items.for the beef combo i really recommend the ribeye.	1
even though the ribeye is not marinated it ended up being really tender and flavorful.	1
its even better then you dip it into the salt they have on the side.	1
i really liked the thinly slices brisket  it was absolutely amazing with the wasabi sauce they provided.	1
it was a really nice spiciness that didnt make your eyes water.	1
honestly all of the beef items went really well with the sauce.	1
finally was the classic marinated chuck.	1
its very traditional flavorful and tender.i wanna say that i personally prefer the pork combo over the beef.	1
it comes with pork jowl my favorite pork belly and marinated pork collar.	1
the pork belly is not marinated but koreans seriously do pork belly so much better than other cultures.	1
i love wrapping pork with the pickled raddish such a nice sharp refreshing bite to the soft and savory pork belly.	1
the best thing is the pork jowl  one of the most tender cuts of the pig.	1
this also goes amazingly well with the pickled raddish and the spicy scallions.	1
the marinated pork collar was a pleasant surprise also it was already cooked for us and its nice and spicy.there is egg corn with cheese and peppers on the side of the grill which is super unique to kang ho dong.	1
they refill it whenever you finish it so make sure you eat up the seafood dubboki was pretty nice also but the sauce was a bit too loose for my liking.	1
we also got the shake lunchbox which was pretty good but a bit pricey at 9 for a small portion of fried rice.	1
also they didnt do the light show for us because im assuming you need at least 2 for that we chose the kimchi stew with the combos which were okay.	1
i wish tried a soybean paste stew for variety.finally the banchan here is pretty amazing.	1
while you dont get as much variety as compared to hahm ji bach but i think the banchan here is more composed and stronger as stand alone dishes.	1
my favorite one is actually the brocolli while i normally hate vegetables i think they marinate it with something that makes it so nice and refreshing.	1
i also really like the potatoes with honey.	1
i will say avoid the bottled soju here its literally chum churrum for 13 rip.	1
you can get this for 4 at any liquor store on northern.overall an amazing place for korean bbq.	1
the wait can get long sometimes but its deceptively big inside.	1
its always a treat to come eat here and its my go to place for kbbq.	1
this is one of the best kbbq places ive ever been.	1
came around 2pm and there wasnt much people so we got our table right away.	1
between the two of us we got the small beef combo which was more than enough.	1
it comes with a soup of your choice kimchi stew or soybean stew.	1
personally im not a fan of kimchi so i got the soybean stew.	1
theres also steamed eggs and cheese with corn on the side.	1
the combo is around 70 dollars so itll be close to 40 per person for a party of 2. my favorite out of all three meat was the marinated short ribs it was amazing.	1
so juicy and tender and really flavorful.	1
you can ask for rice if you want.	1
the waiters here know how to cook the meat after they finish they just leave them on the side for you to enjoy.definitely give this place a try if youve never been you wont regret it theres no lack of korean barbeque restaurants in flushing and selecting a good one can be frustrating.	1
this one was recommended by my brotherinlaw so we decided to check it out.place is pretty big.	1
and it was very crowded which im guessing is because its one of the more popular korean restaurants in the area 600 yelp reviews cant be wrong.my wife and i was expecting to share a dish but unfortunately we had to order at least 2 dishes so we ended up ordering the prime ribeye and the skirt steak.	1
both were excellent.as pricey as this restaurant was i did enjoy eating here.	1
loved the food how they cook everything on the table and also the vibe here.	1
i guess its not something you do often but it was a great experience.one thing i would recommend to the restaurant... our waitress had a hard time explaining what anything was as she was not fluent in english.	1
the table had a lot of vegetables noodles and other stuff and it would have been great if someone would have been able to explain what we were eating other than steak.	1
went here for dinner.	1
im giving 4 stars because there wasnt anything special to rave about this place.	1
the staff are very efficient and theyre on top of things when it comes to cooking your meat.	1
the food is decent i had a small beef combo and some dumplings.	1
its a good place to go for groups.	1
the only thing i didnt like was that they seemed to rush us to leave the table a little.	1
understandable since there are lots of people waiting  i feel like this place is a little bit on the pricey side unnecessarily.	1
and it was my first time at a kotean bbq and i dont know why but i expected there to be chicken as well.	1
im not a huge beefpork eater so i usually go for the chicken dish.	1
unfortunately this place didnt have it.	1
had i known this i probably would not have gone.	1
this may be a pretty standard thing across all korean bbq spots but i just wasnt privy to it.	1
the beef and pork belly is so good services are really nice too.	1
went there on saturday night only waited for 15 mins this is the first korean bbq that i have been to since being a bornagain foodie.reservations made over the phone  a little wait on a saturday night.	1
basically came to this restaurant as it highlighted a lot of their beef items i dont eat pork.	1
our waiter laid out a few bowls full of various items to be consumed as side items along with the main event various cuts of beef that were bbqed at the table.	1
since this was my first experience of the cuisine would have appreciated more guidance on the food items from my host.	1
everything was well done and tasted good.	1
would definitely try korean bbq again but may try another venue just to have a different experience.	1
ive eaten at many korean bbq places but this is my first time at kang ho dongs chain.	1
the servers are super energetic and attentive since they cook the meat for you.	1
this place doesnt give as many sides as your typical korean place in flushing.	1
nothing really to complain about except everything has sugar in it.	1
traditionally korean food doesnt have much sugar in it but probably they add sugar to cater to the younger crowd and to the american taste.	1
the salad nengmyun and the ice cold white kimchi all were too sweet for my liking.	1
we ordered the beef combo size small for 3 people and it was the perfect amount of food.	1
we were able to eat everything and left extremely full.	1
it comes with a free dish for 70. we got the kimchi jigae which tasted just like my moms.	1
i would return if im introducing my nonkorean friends or coworkers to korean bbq but i wouldnt come here with my korean family members or friends because theres a lot of other places in flushing to get tasty meat with plenty of side dishes.	1
this was the very first korean bbq ive ever been too and i was blown away.	1
the staff is super friendly and the food is great.	1
i went yesterday with a group of 12 and it was obvious that everyone enjoyed this place as well.	1
we got a few of the beef combos.	1
absolutely delicious it was my dads bday and his friend brought a cake to the restaurant to light after dinner.	1
before we knew it our waiter ben had shut the lights off turned on disco lights put some korean upbeat bday music and he threw on some light up glasses everyone started to sing and dance for a few minutes.	1
it was sooo much fun 99 for the beef large combo.	1
a ton of food for 4 people but 5 is reasonable and 6 is decent for portions.	1
ideally for 5 people it comes to about 2530 per person with taxtip.starts off with fatty brisket into prime rib a choice into galbi.	1
the prime rib might have been my favorite as it simply melts in your mouth.	1
also comes with a bowl of kimchi stew with mixed meats.banchan isnt large but you get potatoes broccolli a bit of kimchi radish along with seasoned sproutsscallion.	1
the atmosphere can be interesting when they turn down the lights and the servers come out with neon light up accessories and dance to music while shaking a dish in their hands for the table.	1
my friend and i came late on a saturday night and had no problem being seated.	1
the table was already set up with banchan side dishes and the other fixins.	1
we decided to order the small beef combo w boneless short rib and pork jowl.	1
we opted for the soybean stew instead of the kimchi stew.	1
overall our experience was decent.	1
prosbrisket and pork jowl were our favoritesvariety of tasty sauces banchan and fixinsloved the steamed egg and got refillsconswaiters cooked the meats quickly one after the other making us feel rushed.quality was not worth the price point if i were to come back i would order my own meats instead of doing the combo.	1
we decided on the combo since we wanted the steamed egg and cheese corn but because it was already on the table then perhaps it would have come with the a la carte meats as well.	1
all in all the sides dishes and sauces were great meats were okay service was a little too attentive.	1
belated update they refunded my extra tipwhen you tipped 40 on your meal its gonna suck.	1
watch out the bill they trick you into paying more tipsfor food they are overpriced.	1
pork is too thick and its not worth waiting for so long.takeaway avoid this place if isnt often that i travel to queens for food.	1
however when i do i always hope its worth the trip gotta love nyc traffic.	1
it was my first time here and while waiting to be seated i was peeking at the dishes that other tables were ordering.	1
everything was just mouthwatering the wait was fairly short and before i even knew it we were seated.	1
our seating was pleasant.	1
no sitting shoulder to shoulder	1
 came in with a really large party.food was decent came out pretty quick for a large group.service was really good too.	0
the only thing is parking is really tough and getting to the restaurant is extremely rough.	0
did korean bbq good service stuff brought out promptlynothing particularly stood out as here... good 24hrs lots of seating.	0
very quick and good servicebad place looks old but they try to make it look nice.	0
with the pond in the back and display of fake kimchi they have.	0
i came here for lunch with my girlfriend.	0
the lunch special is the best deal to get with the large selection to choose from.	0
i got the l8 because it was the only thing on the lunch menu that included kbbq.	0
the galbi tasted good but the bean stew it came with tasted horrible.	0
i think it was maybe because im not used to how this korean dish should taste but they probably made it like they were supposed to.	0
my girlfriend got the salmon teriyaki box which came as a big portion.	0
white rice 2 fried dumplings japchae salad and vegetables.	0
i liked the side dishes my favorite was mushroom and the peppers.	0
i dont know how they made it but it was so damn good.	0
i love korean places for the side dishes they always give.	0
good first time and maybe if the place looked friendlier i would have had a better experience.	0
might comeback but there have been other better korean places to go eat instead i was craving korean bbq so i got a large group to go after church service in queens.	0
the restuarant is quite spacious and we didnt have any issues being seated right away.	0
the menus were already on the table.	0
most of the items were on the pricey side but we did get banchan  small dishes of appetizers before our meal.	0
there were 8 total corn on the cob kimchi broccoli  mushroom  crab spinach mushroom pickled vegetables and skate fish in hot sauce.	0
they were all pretty good especially the medley of broccoli mushroom  crab and the mushroom by itself.	0
very flavorful fresh and wonderful tasting.	0
my friend ordered mandoo gui or panfried beef dumplings.	0
these were quite yummy but the filling didnt taste like traditional beef.	0
they were lightly crisped and the perfect snack.	0
for my main course i chose the bi bam bap with bulgogi beef which consisted of a assortment of lightly sauteed vegetables beef fried egg sprinkled with dried seaweed and sesame seeds on top and served with steamed rice.	0
the dish was vegetable heavy including cucumber zucchini mushroom sprouts and carrots.	0
i would have liked more meat... the meat was minced and one small section of the dish so after i mixed everything i couldnt taste it as much as i wanted.	0
also the rice and ingredients were not seasoned enough.	0
i had to ask for some sauce and was given teriyaki sauce.	0
once i added that it tasted much better.	0
at the end of our meal we each got strawberry frozen yogurt which had a very distinct dates to it... sort of like a sweettart candy.	0
i enjoyed it.	0
the service was decent though there was a bit of difficulty understanding each other because of the language barrier so there were times we had to ask for something more than once.	0
that being said they definitely seemed to try their best and wanted to please.	0
i would possibly come back but wouldnt go out of my way to do so.	0
i understand why this restaurant averages at 3 stars.it is great that it is open 24 hours a day.	0
it is easy to find because it is on northern boulevard between union and bowne street.	0
before the appetizers came our 7 banchans small dishes served with each meal to go with rice usually fermented vegetables or fish came.	0
the more dishes the more formal a meal is this was 7 out of the maximum which is 12. the portions of the banchan were larger than other korean restaurants i have been to.	0
the fish was really good very meaty and flavorful had bones but none that didnt come off easily the radishes were a bit spicy and salty.	0
everything else was fine.	0
i was sad there werent any cucumbers because that is my favorite one.	0
for an appetizer we ordered a seafood pajun 10 which is a korean style crispy pancake made from rice flour which includes seafood such as baby shrimps and has scallion bits.	0
its very crispy and should be enjoyed at the restaurant so that it doesnt become soggy.	0
it also comes with a large bowl of brown sauce that looks like soy sauce with scallions floating in it.	0
this was definitely my favorite part of the meal.	0
910for our main course my friend and i each ordered a soon tofu lunch special ends at 3pm.	0
i got the soon doo boo which is a casserole with soft bean curd baby clams shrimps and oysters in what is supposed to be a mildly spicy broth.	0
i was supposed to be given a choice of bean paste seafood mushroom or kim chilli but i wasnt.	0
i was given mushroom.	0
this was the blandest most disappointing thing ive ever spent 20 on.	0
i dont think ill ever come back here and order their tofu again.	0
all i saw was bean curd and water with tiny bits of mushroom.	0
210my friend got a kim chee ji gae which is a spicy casserole with pork and fermented cabbage laced with chillies in broth.	0
she got a few huge pieces of tofu and the flavor was good.	0
810 each lunch special came with a bowl of rice which we both only finished half of.	0
when they offer to pack it togo the only thing they packed was the soup not the rice which i found pretty wasteful.	0
at last we got free ice cream it was strawberry soft serve.	0
tasted more waterbased than milkbased.	0
it tasted exactly like laffy taffy which i do not enjoy very much of.	0
free things are supposed to taste better right eh.	0
there is a bathroom here downstairs.	0
there are many chairs to sit in and nice little indoor waterfalls.	0
there is a sushi bar which wasnt getting much business while we were there.	0
it offers a huge love boat dish which looked so nice on the menu but went for over 200.overall the only thing id come back here for is the seafood pancake.	0
everything else i could find in flushing for cheaper with better quality.	0
it was worth giving it a try though.	0
my friends brought me here after i landed in ny and it was good on a snowy cold night.	0
im a bit surprised by the rating the prices were a little higher than im used to but the food was pretty goodgalbi tang pretty flavorful with tender galbisoup with ginger and chicken so deliciousni highly recommend this bbq for two at 60 its kinda of expensive for 2 people but we shared it with 4. the meat quality was good.jap chae only ok i wouldnt order this as a dishspicy pork and tofu tasty the spicy pork had great sauce a combined very well with the bland tofu.seafood pancake pretty goodservice pretty fast and friendly.	0
they dont really bother you too much here.tip open 24 hours parking is in the back valet.	0
i came here for the korean bbq and the sushi.	0
both were very good.	0
the staff is very nice and welcoming.	0
they serve beers and i recommend getting one if youre having the bbq.	0
were around the area after hanging out late with our daughter whom requested for korean.	0
there seats available and sat.	0
heres what we had seafood pancake was ok. not much seafood and was greasy.	0
beef bibimbap was good.	0
flavorful.	0
rice was abit mushy.	0
kalbi beef very good flavor but small portion for the price.	0
the highlight of this dinner wss not the food.	0
i found a lipstick stain on my glass.	0
this never ever happen to me before.	0
so so didappointed.	0
never going back again.	0
food is overrated also.	0
i expected a lot more from this place considering it was zagat rated.	0
the whole objective of coming to this place was simply for the dragon roll which i wasnt able to get because the sushi bar closes at 9pm.	0
i wasnt aware of this and ordered it at 857 where the waitress informed me that she would have to check if theyd be able to make it because the bar was closing in three minutes.	0
it was perfectly fine i would have done the bbq if they didnt have it.	0
but she stood there waiting for the remainder of my order so i just ordered two tofu soups.	0
i wanted her to come back and let me know if they were able to make the roll before she put the order in the works to the kitchen but it turns out that they were already making it by that time.theyre definitely generous with the side dishes in comparison to other korean restaurants but the tofu soups were below average.	0
the tofu was all broken up and it felt more like i was eating congee instead.	0
but the mushrooms were really good i was really happy to find that they used shiitake mushrooms because its more flavorful  juicy.	0
perhaps kum gang san simply specialize in korean bbq so if i do come back the next time i will give that a try.	0
its a bit of a trek to flushing.	0
but its my grandsons favorite.	0
he recognized the spot when we got to the secret alley and squealed in delight.	0
the secret alley leads to a wonderful large parking lot behind the restaurant.	0
as you enter the restaurant there is a picturesque patio area with a small water mill.	0
my grandson loves this most of all.	0
enter to a large nicely decorated restaurant with an extensive menu featuring both korean  japanese fare.	0
there really is something for everyone.banchan of course began the meal.	0
i love this korean tradition of the numerous small side dishes to share.my grandson wanted to move on quickly to shumai his favorite.	0
he refuses to share.	0
with the shumai rapidly consumed our server brought his main course neang myun.	0
the server was kind enough to bring a small bowl and cut a portion of the noodles for easier consumption by a toddler a task his mother normally performs.	0
on this visit he ignored the noodles in favor of the broth which was unusual.	0
something light was my quest for the night.	0
the dolsot bibimbap was a feature on the paper place mat.	0
it looked perfect.	0
so i ordered it and it was.my son had the bulgogi which is always hard for me to pass up.this restaurant ends the meal with a serving of the most wonderful frozen concoction imaginable.	0
is it ice cream it has such unique consistency and taste.	0
i could consume enormous quantities.flushing really isnt that far considering the meal one experiences.	0
lets continue going.	0
but let the water mill be turning for the pleasure of a small child.	0
we wanted to go to another korean bbq place but it closed down so we resorted to kumgangsan since it was late and we know this place is 247. that is probably the only upside to it.	0
place is huge friendly staff and overall the food isnt too impressive for the price you pay.	0
its a common korean bbq place that everyone is aware of so you would think that food would be exceptional.	0
anyways we ordered a kalbi but since we only had one meat to be grilled they grilled it inside the kitchen.	0
i always think it takes out the fun when it isnt grilled at your table.	0
and of course you dont know if they skimp out on portions.	0
it didnt seem like there was a lot of beef for the steep price of 28 i think.	0
the pork belly platter though was impressive.	0
it was a huge platter but it was ehh.. nothing impressive and certainly wouldnt be back for that.	0
it comes with free froyo at the end of your meal.	0
which is always a plus.	0
this is my go to korean restaurant place.	0
the food is great and it always comes with a lot of side dishes.	0
they have lunch special including combination bbq sets.	0
i always home here for family reunion.	0
if youre looking for an authentic korean place with a lot of choices i recommend coming here.	0
been coming here for years the food is always good one of the first few korean restaurants in queens its been here for a long time.	0
used to be lums chinese.	0
enjoy used to be my go to place but wow how disappointing.	0
ordered the baby octopus stone bowl bibimap and i think i counted 5 pieces of octopus and an entire onion.	0
for 18 no thank you.	0
too many other options around for this place to be a choice anymore.	0
really mediocre korean food.	0
we order mushroom bulgogi galbi and spicy cold noodles.	0
galbi was tender but portions were small.	0
bulgogi and mushrooms were bland.	0
spicy cold noodles had a good chew but it needed a little more sauce.	0
some of my acquaintances had never experienced korean barbecue before.	0
this spot was chosen as someone had said they had a good experience and it has an a rating from the last inspection.	0
also a plus is that it is open 24 hours.	0
as i had arrived earlier than my guests and it was cold outside i went in to get a table.	0
the employees were not very welcoming or friendly.	0
a gentleman pointed toward an empty table for four.	0
after a little confusion since there were a lot of tables i found the one he was indicating.	0
so this place being opened 24 hours and located so close to main street and union street flushing it has a constant flow of people in and out.	0
employees are very well dressed yet have no positive expressions.	0
i thought that would change once we started ordering food.	0
once the rest of my party arrived we perused the menu.	0
we all decided on bulgogi chicken and another thinly sliced beef.	0
as the female waitress came back to turn the meat they cook it for the guests she was not at all friendly and seemed emotionless as we asked for rice and more drinks.	0
there was no effort by any of the staff to be friendly.	0
if it were me dining alone which is usually how i try a new place out i would have ordered one dish and probably left.	0
the place is very nice and elegant.	0
i really loved the food.	0
although it was a bit pricey.	0
but my guests were subjected to the atrocious service.	0
go for the convenience.	0
but as long as you have no expectations of good service you will get the minimum service from staff you will enjoy some nice cooked meat.	0
our familys favorite spot in flushing we live farther away but if were in the neighborhood we always stop by here.	0
best kimchi hands down they are generous with their delicious banchan side dishes and the service is friendly and attentive.	0
i got the yook hwe bibimbab raw beef and it was a refreshing springtime meal.	0
save your money and go someplace else.	0
there are so many higher quality kbbq in flushing that are well worth your money.	0
i came here with my parents one night after we got back from vacation at jfk airport.	0
it was around 12am at night we were starving so we just decided to come here since it was open with no wait probably was already a bad sign.	0
we ordered the first combination for korean bbq for about 64 dollars which had four different meats.	0
if i remember correctly there were two types of beef pork tenderloin and chicken.	0
we asked for the kitchen to cook it for us and when they brought it out everything was way overcooked.	0
we probably should have opted for them to cook it on the table in front of us.	0
the beef tasted like beef jerky the chicken was dry and we were not a fan of the spicy pork tenderloin either.	0
some dishes that were edible to eat was the japchae and seafood pancake but ive had better.	0
i would have given this place two stars but i settled for one because of their service.	0
there was literally only one guy in the entire restaurant taking orders and did not check up on us even once to ask how were were doing.	0
my dad had to get another napkin himself on another table.	0
not to mention the bathroom is shady and needs renovation.	0
this was also a place we came here many years ago and it wasnt bad at the time.	0
however i think this place needs to step up their game if they want to stay in business.	0
perhaps i came on the wrong day at the wrong time but i and my parents were left extremely disappointed.	0
i got yookgae jang and it was good.	0
its finely shredded beef in spicy beef broth.	0
they give you a choice of red bean or white rice.	0
and i usually get the red bean rice.place is big and i notice a lot of families come here to eat.	0
lots of different food selections here.	0
ive never tried the bbq or sushi tho.in the end of your meal they give you dessert.	0
it had a tangy kind of taste to it that i didnt expect i liked it but my friend didnt.	0
place is not bad.	0
would recommend to try we came to this resturant because friends recommended to us saying this is authentic.	0
however the food is clearly over priced.	0
the food is not prepared well.	0
love it love it love it here .	0
delicious korean .	0
best part are the appetizers which come out right away .	0
have been coming here for years .. open 24 hrs even tho there were only four tables the waitress was still slow and doing nothing around that cause my steak overcooked so bad.	0
never go there again i like how the inside looks like a maze very interesting architecture.	0
we were at a baby shower there today.	0
food was good.	0
i liked all the korean salads and the korean style stuffed rolled cabbage lettuce.	0
i would come here again food is ok service is sucksi been here few times sometime they are good but not this time the good thing is they have parking in the back.well this will be my last time since it looks like their business is also down.the dining was empty and there are many workers just roaming around and drinking coffee near by entrance.they have the name early 90s but now a days there are many better restaurants in flushingold and dirty dining really  a weird experience.	0
i came with my family for dinner and the waiters seemed to have a hard time understanding us.	0
we asked them if one of the dishes could be less salty and they seemed confused and kept saying ok we can put salt.	0
we kept saying no please no salt  they were like ok got it.	0
when it came out it was really salty so i think they misunderstood and added more salt.	0
we asked if they could remake it to not have salt and another waiter came and instead of replacing it he ate some of it and said it tastes fine to him walked away.	0
im not even mad because it was so strange that we all were laughing but it was an expensive meal so i had higher standards  the food and service just wasnt good.	0
thought we give it a try since this restaurant has been around a long time.	0
boy its not really good and consider expensive for what you get.	0
i was exped8ng some delicious kimchee side sides but was terribly disappo8nted by the taste and variety.	0
ive never had korean food before so i cannot tell whether it was the best or not but plentiful tangy spicy  delicious.	0
the staff was helpful pleasant and attentive telling me i had ordered too much food.	0
she was right of course but now i have a 2nd meal tomorrow at home.	0
all in all a nice experience.	0
opened long time ago i believe year 1992. my father in law took whole family there from nj he said he had best galbi there in new york area about 15 years ago and he wanted to treat us.	0
but not anymore i guess.	0
it was one of the worst ever.	0
specially the sever did not know how to cook the meat  korean barbecue is cook on the table and the sever usually cook for the guests.	0
every thing was bad.	0
they were trying to may be reduced food cost but even the vegetables were bad.	0
not the best korean place.	0
only reason it is in business is due to location from jfk.	0
i ordered a scallion pancake but theres hardly any scallion and mostly just flour dough cooked very oily.	0
this was the spot my family and i used to go to for korean food in queens.	0
we still call it the place with the gayageum because we remembered someone playing it around the 2000s.	0
lately it just feels like its been in gradual decline.i came here last week with my family and one thing that stuck with me was the eel roll i got in addition to my sundubu.	0
for a roll that was priced for over 15 it looked like it was rolled and cut by me.. i tried making sushi before and i could not get the rice to do what i wantedthe same goes for this roll.	0
my sundubu was average.	0
aside from all of this our server was very inattentive.	0
we had to ask for 4 out of 5 of our near empty glasses to be refilled.	0
we pushed empty dishes to the empty parts of the table etc.	0
one of my favorite places for a long time.	0
real korean authentic food with ton of side salads awesome barbecue and great sushi even though it is from the japanese section of the menu ever since the waitress spilled water on my friend nothing was the same.came in on a thursday night with a couple of friends for a dinner.	0
menu was a typical korean menu and additional sushi options.	0
there was nothing to unique about the menu or the service but once water was spilled onto my friends lap the staff was so nice to us and gave us an a few appetizers and drinks on the housei ordered a tofu stoned bibimbap.	0
taste pretty similar to other bibimbaps.	0
but the small dishes love the sour kimchi and this sweet spicy squidy dish.	0
the wait staff continuously refilled our small dishes and also gave clear glass noodles as well as a few drinks on the house.and the free milky frozen yogurt love the tanginess from the yogurt.	0
shout out to the friend who took one for the gang and got his pants wet.	0
my inlaws had dropped in town for the evening and were craving korean food so my husband and i searched around and decided to come here.	0
we ordered two orders of bibimbap kimchi pancakes and shrimp tempura maki.	0
when the kimchi pancakes were ready the server distributed it to each person.	0
the dip for it tasted like plain black vinegar and the pancake itself was bland.	0
the kimchi didnt taste like it was fermented enough either.	0
i was so disappointed.	0
the next dish i tasted was the shrimp tempura maki now this one was yummy.	0
the tempura was just the right amount of crunchy and it was made and displayed perfectly with a drizzle of sauce over each piece that really gives it a kick.	0
last but not least the complimentary dessert.	0
this was so weird.	0
i dont even have words to describe how it tasted.	0
they called it green tea ice cream but it was more of a yogurt and it did not taste like green tea at all.	0
i didnt like it.but my inlaws enjoyed their bibimbap.overall the service was slow and the food was ok. save your money and go to tangs if youre looking for a 247 korean bbq place the sides were not good and the meat was dry we ordered the combination bbq no.2 would not recommend this place is open 247...how amazing is that.	0
..ive been there quite a few times.	0
.and every time it is always great.	0
..food is delicious.	0
..im a black woman obviously lol i speak zero korean.however the way we are welcomed and treated by the staff when my friends and i go there is really great.	0
..the language barrier is though but the staff tries and some how we communicate and understand one another...and thats what keeps me going back.	0
..the overall atmosphere of this place is great.	0
we stopped in on a saturday night for dinner after our korean class.	0
korean class always gets me and the ball and chain in the mood to eat us some korean food.i love the decor and space in this place the tables are several feet apart.	0
it feels even more spacious because the restaurant is filled with polite families celebrating various occasions so its lively but not loud.it was also a thrill to read all our dishes to the waitress in korean.	0
not quite the thrill of being in a hot tub snoop dogg style with a dozen bikiniclad biddies but at my age mispronouncing the word for dumplings counts as excitement nonetheless.so as far as the food goes we had the bulgogi dubu jigae the red spicy stew you see in photos fried vegetable dumplings and to keep the fiber content above zero an order of grilled veggies.	0
we would give the dumplings 25 and the rest of the food 35. the side dishes were ok. i didnt feel the kimchi was spicy enough.the waitress was really friendly we enjoyed chatting while she grilled the food.to eat here is not cheap the above ran us close to a cnote.	0
but if you dont have a hot tub or biddies an evening here is not a bad way to spend your money and you dont need to change it all into dollar bills.	0
good food nice service  the staff is pleasant and ive so far had a pretty good experience.make your choice wisely and you will not be disappointed.	0
unlike most bbq places you dont come out smelling like the food so i appreciate that.	0
i liked their tea have to ask for water as its not automatic.the meat for two easily feeds 4 if you have one other additional dish like the scallion pancakes or a soup.	0
the pancakes were a little greasy cold so you have to eat them as soon as they come out.otherwise overall lovely experience have been and will go againi recommend amazing barbecue.	0
fresh and good quality meat.	0
eel gui is perfect.	0
very nice waitress very friendly.	0
a lot of bonchons and the sauce is goodvery salty tho.	0
around 50 per person but its worth it.	0
and its authentic.	0
im a big fan of kum gang sam.	0
i know its not the best korean place any more with all of the newer choices and the interior has become a bit faded but ive been coming here a long time and ive always left satisfied probably 3.5 stars by this point but they get an extra .5 for nostalgia.	0
i dont understand the knocks on service ive always found it to be very pleasant and attentive although there have been occasional language barriers.	0
the bon chon is tasty and plentiful and they bring more as you empty plates whether you want it or not.	0
i will say over time prices have gone way up for the bbq but portion size is generally ample.	0
we shared a 63 combo of 4 meats intended for 2 people  we were a group of 4  with an added order of pork belly and there was plenty to go around.	0
start with the seafood pancake always delicious and never greasy.	0
we tried the jeongjeon bibimbap which was advertised as having 26 vegetables  not sure i counted that many and it was not the sizzling kind with crunchy rice.	0
it was a little bland until we added the sauce.	0
not sure id get that again.	0
this is a great place to come with kids or a big group or if you are not familiar with korean food each item in the extensive menu has a number and matching photo in case the description is not clear which makes ordering easy.	0
its a very bad experience.	0
hot soup is cold and seafood pancake with too much cornstarch .	0
appetizer taste so wired and only 6 dishes .	0
will never go again   came here for korean bbq.	0
it was so so.	0
i agree with other reviews when they say it is a good place to come if you dont know about korean food much.	0
they rush you to eat bbq constantly cooking and rushing you to eat.	0
a good korean bbq place will let you eat at your own pace.	0
a good place is willing to change cooking grills as many times as you want when grills are burnt.	0
not here.	0
also they cook meats on gas grills.	0
its not the same as natural wood charcoal.	0
the restraunt looks nice but it is overall mediocre.	0
this place has been around for years.	0
i came here as a child with my grandparents as a teenager this was where we celebrated most family birthdays it became a late night dinner place in my 20s after staying out too late and ive returned as a parent myself years later.	0
its pricey theres no question but it holds good memories for me.	0
the food is good but it definitely cant be said its the best anymore.	0
the service we received over the weekend with two kiddies earned them an extra star.	0
theyre still a 24 hour restaurant which is pretty cool although those late nights arent so common anymore.	0
this restaurant was recommended to me by a close friend for my birthday so its my first time here.	0
the architectural design of this restaurant really gives you the ambiance of an authentic koreanjapanese style restaurant.	0
its like the traditional setting of the way korean people eat in those korean dramas but instead of sitting on the floor you have wooden chairs.behind the restaurants youll find a koi pond which is honestly very beautiful it is the perfect spot to take pictures and the restaurant even offers picturetaking service free of charge for all their customers it was the perfect place to take a group shot with all your friends or partner the food here are moderately priced to expensive.	0
it isnt as pricey as a high class restaurant but it isnt as inexpensive as a takeout restaurant.	0
you should expect to pay around 20 per person.i had a party of 7 people and we were seated next to a small foundation with a divider separating the table.	0
before your main dishes come the restaurant provide you with many appetizers.	0
4 out of 7 ordered a rice dish that came in a stonepottery bowl while 1 ordered a koreanstyle noodle in soup.	0
the remaining individual ordered a sweet beef dish while i ordered the jap chae.	0
the portions here are alright.	0
i personally thought the japchae can be shared between two people because they gave me a large portion.	0
it also came with a side of rice.	0
compared to other korean places ive tried i feel this is definitely the best it gave me the feeling of authentic korean food rather than bland dishes thats commonly served in other restaurants.	0
the jap chae is a must try dish it wasnt spicy or too sweet at all.	0
the taste was just right.	0
however i didnt like the long island iced tea that i had ordered.	0
most of my friends agree that it tasted more like cocacola rather than an alcoholic drink.	0
maybe the ratio of alcohol to ice tea wasnt as strong as i had hoped.	0
this is definitely my favorite korean restaurant in flushing and i will make sure to visit this place again  this place has one of the best decor out of all the korean restaurants in flushing.	0
they also have one of the best hae jang gook hangover soup and white kimchi is tasty.	0
however thats pretty much the only good things about this restaurant.	0
biggest complaint i have is the lady at the counter who also answers the phone clearly hates her job and reflects that to her coworkers and customers.	0
ive called couple of times to order my food to go and she was irritated that i called to order ahead and one time she was upset that i ordered through her and not through the waiters who were busy and breezing by nonstop.	0
while i was waiting for the food she stopped and snapped at the waiter at random saying why he didnt take my order like he had nothing else to do.	0
then she kept venting her frustration about some manager or something with another waitress in front of me.	0
totally unprofessional.	0
food except for certain dishes their food is subpar including their bbq.	0
25service absolutely horrible by korean standard.	0
0.55decor very nice traditional looking decor including watermill 4.55price very pricey for the food quality 25overall in a neighborhood full of korean restaurants their only gimmick has to be that they have good decor and banquet area.	0
otherwise they would have gone bankrupt.	0
25 the food was decent enough but way too expensive to warrant heading back when there are so many other options around for cheaper.	0
i got the duk man doo gook and it was pretty good.	0
again it wasnt anything particularly special.	0
the place is very nice looking though and the staff were great.	0
no complaints there.	0
honestly id probably only come here if i was bringing a very large group cause they could probably accommodate it better than most other korean restaurants.	0
i do not come here often but i have to say the bbqs here are one of the best and cleanest.	0
the restaurant itself is relatively big compare to the its neighbors and service is always friendly here.	0
had a pleasant lunch with my family with good food and service... until i walked into the parking lot to head back home.	0
there was a crazy man who seemed like to be the parking lot keeper and he tried to lock me in a car by closing the gates on me while still looking straight at me as he was dragging the fence with a lock on it.	0
when i tried to tell him that i made a wrong turn and i was heading back he just stood there looking dumb until i spoke korean to him.	0
i politely apologized and said i need to exit here he said with a nasty and rude attitude i told you not to go that way which is not true at all.	0
i was so disgusted by his manner.	0
i also found out about the whole workers rights being violated here.	0
i will never come back to this restaurant ever again.tldr theres a crazy motherfucker parking lot manager who tried to lock me in a lot and ruined the overall good experience with the restaurant.	0
never coming here again.	0
.	0
.	0
.	0
.	0
i came here for my birthday.	0
korean bbq is always good pretty much whereever you go.	0
the ambiance here is great although the waterfall was not working when we went and the pond was kind of dried up.	0
it is a huge place that get packed on weekends and friday nights.	0
there is ample parking around the area and the prices are comparable to every other korean bbq place in flushing.	0
the service was great  very attentive.	0
they give so much of the complementary dishes we were full before the actual kalbi came out.happy eating suckers.	0
hands down one of the best korean restaurants in new york city.	0
they serve many traditional korean dishes in addition to the popular red meat bbq.	0
i like to come here during the weekdays for their bento box lunch specials that are well worth it.	0
you get a ton of food in those boxes.	0
also dont forget the complimentary side dishes such as kimchi fried fish apples with mayo lactose yogurt an	0
 when i stopped by i was the only customer.	0
im guessing that it gets busy during dinner.	0
no way would a restaurant with food this awesome should ever be empty.	0
i hear they do free delivery so i guess they have plenty of delivery orders.	0
the restaurant is a long vertical establishment.	0
one table after the other in a linear shape.	0
it has a really nice cozy feel to it.	0
you can bring a date or have a handful of friends.	0
the seats have little cushions on the back so youre really cozy.	0
its just lovely.	0
i did a quick scan of the menu with no clue what to get.	0
then came across the authentic thai dishes section.	0
i saw they did a grilled fajita type of dish with assorted types of meat.	0
but alas it came with pork.	0
not a loss.	0
i found jungle curry.	0
i love jungle curry for future references however not all jungle curry is the same.	0
for example ayadas jungle curry reigns above all.	0
but tonight i had found one to match it.	0
let me tell you about this beauty.	0
it came in a piping hot ceramic dish.	0
you see all the veggies the meat steaming hot broth.	0
omg.	0
if this aint love idk what is.	0
it comes with a small side of rice.	0
thats fine.	0
its really about the jungle curry.	0
it izzzzz soooo amazing.	0
happy hour is from 59 pm.	0
they have a nice selection of alcohol.	0
reasonable prices.	0
im guessing for happy hour its nicer.	0
i had a lovely experience here alone.	0
id have an even better one with friends.	0
cant wait to come back and try more of the dishes.	0
solid thai spot.	0
its my favorite take out pad thai noodle restaurant.	0
its 11 tax 0.98 im waiting bout 5 to 7 min.its so yummy and really good volume.	0
i was on the verge of tears by the time my girlfriend and i arrived at leng thai since im positive we wont have a decent outdoor table.	0
but we do and relief washes over me in an awesome wave.	0
in all seriousness this is a solid local thai spot with an absolutely beautiful interior and an even more pleasant outdoor seating area boasting a bamboo wall to complete the feng shui.	0
the cee yew and gang dang red curry were lovely.	0
the right levels of flavor proper consistencies no complaints.	0
they were a little stingy with the sticky rice but my stomach was better off.	0
the drinks were tasty and modestly priced but not very strong in my opinion.	0
was the food mindblowing i wouldnt say so but then again i was quite partial to the colossal flavors of thai pavilion before they sadly closed.	0
i do think however that leng is a new favorite in the area outdoing the other locals on broadway.	0
give it a try.sidenote apparently leng hosts a 20 sunday brunch which includes 3 drinks.	0
what is thai brunch what types of drinks are offered is this real life is this just fantasy well find out soon.	0
had dinner here last night and my pad thai didnt really taste like pad thai... the sauce almost tasted like a straight up peanut sauce i can say that i wouldnt have it again.	0
my friend ordered a garden pad thai which is pad thai made with julienned veggies instead of noodles and her dish was pretty darn good.	0
the place itself has a great ambience and service was great.	0
terrible service.	0
in fact its always terrible.	0
one of their waiters acted so impatient just because there was confusion about the order.	0
he was so rude and short with me.	0
why should i feel badly when im paying money i will never go there again.	0
the service sucks terrible terrible terrible.	0
the place is very clean kind staff the food doesnt take long at all and it is well made.	0
the have an outdoor area which is really cute.	0
i would definitely go back it is 3 blocks from the station pretty easy to find decent thai restaurant.	0
pleasant environment nice staff and decor.	0
food wise some plates were good and generous some are not  chicken ravioli was my favorite 55  duck roll too sweet and dry 25 shrimp roll nice flavors but only 3 per order 45  fried chicken dumplings 35 not filling too heavy on sauce.	0
will be back to try other plates.	0
this is my current favorite thai spot in astoria.	0
i ordered the cee yew noodles and the spicy fresh chili and garlic fried rice.	0
on the menu the noodles have broccoli in it however it was just the broccoli stems and they were very hard to chew something im not used to when having broccoli so that was a bit off putting because i do love tender broccoli.	0
the noodles also contained dark soy i did not think the flavor would be so overwhelming but i felt that there was too much soy.	0
im a fan of spicy food which is why i ordered the summer special spicy fresh chili and garlic fried rice.	0
on the menu it says spicy level cannot be lowered so order at your on risk i actually had this for my third time here at leng.	0
however this time was especially spicy.	0
good serving portions.	0
foodtalay gang deang red coconut curry with seafood 7.610. jap chae korean marinated beef with glass noodle 8.710. this was very delicious and tasty however it removes the thai authenticity and the foundation of how the restaurant erected.	0
pad thai with beef.	0
7.510. classic original go to.	0
talay pao seafood on skewers 7.810. salmon very tender sauce was a little heavy on the salt.	0
geow tod panang crispy wonton appetizer.	0
610. we were really hungry so it was gone within seconds.	0
thai iced tea 910. perfect.	0
not too sweet.	0
overall food was decent.	0
would return for the food.	0
serviceatmosphere 510. server had forgotten about all that was requested brown rice instead of white tea instead of water another glass for the thai iced tea please.	0
not to mention there were only 2 other tables.	0
to make things worse when he took the white rice back he let it sit on the counter until it was served with another dish we ordered.	0
the rice was cold.	0
gratitude is to be added to parties of 6 as it states on the menu.	0
we had 5 and it was added.	0
i always tip generously but that was uncalled for.	0
especially for the service received.	0
i might return.	0
disgusting  poorly exrcuted food that made me sick the next day.	0
service was horrible as well.	0
had to direct server for plates and water.	0
good lunch specials.	0
padthai with shrimp and spring roll.l love the service is well.	0
the best part about my visit to leng thai was definitely the service and the way the restaurant is decorated.	0
i visited on a warm weekday evening when there werent a ton of patrons in the restaurant.	0
i sat in the back where they have a yard with nice plants hanging from trees and really cute mosaic tables that blended well with the overall vibe of the place.	0
a couple of servers came to check on me throughout the time i was there and everyone seemed very pleasant without being overbearing.	0
i didnt have to wait very long for the food or the wine i ordered.	0
everything seemed to come out right on time.as for the foodit was decent.	0
i ordered a glass of pinot noir and spring rolls to start.	0
the spring rolls were bigger than i was expectingthink jumbo shrimp fried with a flaky crust on the outside.	0
they came out super hot but were okay once they cooled down a bit.i also got the moo grob kraprow as the entre.	0
it was pork belly with onions and bell peppers along with rice on the side.	0
when i asked the server about it before ordering he said that it was spicy.	0
i didnt think that it was spicy at all.	0
the pork belly was kind of crispychewy on the ends which i wasnt expecting but maybe thats just part of the dish.	0
not sure.	0
either way it wasnt terrible but i probably wouldnt order it again.i finished about half of it and took the rest home and left pretty full.	0
nice spot to grab some thai food.	0
the decor is pretty nice and there is ample seating.food was pretty good and the portions were pretty generous for what we ordered.	0
we ended up getting a pad thai green curry and red curry.	0
we were all vegetarians and they seemed to provide us with a generous amount of tofu.only minor downside was that the service was kinda slow.	0
not necessarily from the perspective of bringing out food but rather getting someone to provide us with water or giving us the check.	0
there were only 23 tables full so thats no excuse for not being as attentive and quick.	0
food so tasty our fave thai restaurant in astoria super underrated in my opinion.	0
great value service always prompt and courteous.	0
we go so often one of the servers remembers us atmosphere i feel that the interior is also underrated.	0
has a nice modern style appearance.	0
bathrooms are clean and nice music i just dont get why its not super busy sometimes.	0
the lunch specials are also a great deal great place for lunch  their lunch specials are for 8a steal.	0
got the kra pow with chicken and was spicy and pretty good.	0
comes with soup or salad.	0
def recommend to anyone looking for fast convenient thai food in the area.	0
good food and good service.	0
cute decor.	0
not authentic thai food because it is fusion.	0
stopped in with a friend and found their beautiful garden.	0
we shared five different appetizers each of them delicious.	0
authentic thai food paired with inventive cocktails such as a pomegranate sake drink or a white sangria with lychee.	0
will definitely be back to try more of both food and beverage menu.	0
very friendly and fast service although few customers in garden and inside packed extra points for that  hands down the best thai place in astoria.i came here on a friday night with a party of 2 while walking up and down broadway in search of a restaurant that offers outdoor seating.	0
what do ya know leng thai does not only have an amicable ambiance but also has outdoor seating in the rearsince it is a hot presummer day most guests chose to sit outdoor.	0
i mean who wouldnt want to not only was the back area free of any flies insects but music was also playing in the background to give off a datenight setting.	0
hint hint for all the fellas looking for a date night spot there used to be complimentary starters once guests sat down but it looks like theyve discontinued that  it isnt available for order either.	0
a bit disappointed as i really loved the crunchy snacks right before our appetizers and entrees.	0
nevertheless our food was amazing i wanted to try something new so for starters so i got the vietnamese ravioli without really knowing what it is.	0
when the order came i was pleasantly surprised to see such a huge portion enough for two .	0
its basically a huge burrito with vegetables jicama bean sprout and other healthy ingredients wrapped in rice paper.	0
its also steamed so if youre looking to enjoy yourself yet stay healthy this is definitely the dish for you.along with the starters i also had the salmon yang and som tum.	0
absolutely no complaints about each dish as the som tum was spicy enough i requested for it to be extra extra spicy with plenty of vegetables and papaya while the salmon yang was done just right.	0
no burnt fishy smell but rather you have yourself a grilled filet salmon steak with panang curry.	0
if youre someone who likes curry and fish i highly recommend this.	0
one thing i didnt like was the bit of a rush we had from the staff.. the plates were taken away right as we finished and the check came before we were done eating.	0
however this is a spot i will be visiting the next time im in the area.	0
stumbled in this place in astoria and to our surprise it was a very well put together family owned hole in the wall.	0
beautiful decor inside and comforting out door seating garden.	0
menu was full of options and all tasteful.	0
i had the green curry mixed seafood dish and it was flavorful spicy and the sauce was perfectly rich.	0
i decided i wanted a side rice dish and i went for it .	0
the rice was perfection.	0
i love this place because all things thai are so good.	0
the service is always great and the atmosphere relaxing.	0
came here for a lunch with a friend we were seated right away it wasnt busy and our server offered iced water right away.	0
it was our first time with this place and asked for the waiter for his recommendation definitely worth asking coz we loved everything we ordered from drinks to the dish was surprised to find japchae on their menu but since i am craving for it we did order loved the balanced of soysauce it wasnt salty at all the thai salad is also really good i like that it wasnt too much sauce on it the tofu on the salad is a nice addition to the dish our server came back couple of times to check if we are ok i like that coz it shows how accommodating he is.	0
overall we will come back the next time we go back to the area.	0
the shrimp pad thai on point and the green curry was beyond words .. plus the excellentl expected thai like service  we love this place definitely our favorite thai place in astoria.	0
we like the seating area and the ambiance in the back plus since its starting to get warm theyre putting an outdoor seating garden outside.	0
our favorites to get here are mussaman curry the fried rice and the japchae  the portions are huge and very flavorful great place with great flavors and great atmosphere.	0
also their brown rice is really good and they always have my favorite chili sauce.	0
go here leng thai doesnt seem to be what it used to and im bummed about it.	0
i have to rescind my first review.	0
i was back this afternoon and once before a few months ago and much has changed.portion sizes have gotten smaller and a few of the dishes that i once loved have been changed not for the better.	0
there are different bowls which are smaller hence the smaller portions.	0
for a restaurant that i once loved im so disappointed.. absolutely terrible customer service they are constantly closing their delivery early.	0
they post a time  they tell me a time 1000 pm that i must call by... and then they close earlier than that.	0
the astoria restaurant scene is too crowded for this type of unfriendly and rude business practice.	0
you have officially lost my business.	0
the mediocre quality of your food does not warrant putting up with this continually inconsiderate treatment.	0
i went here on a weeknight with friends.	0
we had a great dinner seated at a long table in the back.	0
great service atmosphere and delicious thai food.	0
i would go back.	0
worst customer service ever.	0
they have the wrong address of mine in their system so the delivery guy always went to different building and i had to wait another 1530mins and the food is always cold.	0
so i called the restaurant and tried to explain to the person on the phone but she blamed on the delivery person which was so not his fault.	0
then i asked if i can speak to the manager or owner another woman was on the phone and i had to explain the whole thing again and she didnt understand and got mad.	0
so i finally gave up and said i will not order anymore and she said whatever and hung up on me.	0
i have been your customer for 10 good years and remember there are a ton of thai spots around.	0
i live just 1 block away and i order leng to fix my thai craving about once a week.	0
red thai vegetable curry and scallion pancakes are my go to  delicious.will try a noodle dish this weekend as im feeling too ill to stomach a heavy dairy dish.food is always delicious and timely.	0
terrible place.	0
we were forced to order two dishes even though our total bill was coming up to more than 20  they have a rule which is 10 per person.	0
we ordered a sizzling platter and the spice level was extremely high  i understand that it was red chili but this was uneatable.	0
i have pretty high tolerance for spice this was just shitty.	0
never coming here again yuck weve been here twice and if i could id rate 3.5. most of the food is good.	0
service is ok. weve come for lunch twice.	0
i was a fan of the duck buns.	0
they have thai iced coffee and tea.	0
what a terrible experience.	0
some of the dishes are good and this place use to be great i use to go there all the time but on this occasion there was this very tall asian who shouted at me that i was cheap for not leaving a bigger tip... honestly a lot of asians do that and i will never take my business to them.... go to greek places in astoria... they would never tell you that.	0
go back to flushing and let astoria be greek.my treatment here was so rude meh.	0
soured by the service.	0
dont appreciate being rushed all throughout my lunch even if it was with a smile.	0
i dont understand why it was so imperative that i needed to pay before they started dinner.	0
ordered a strawberry breeze drink and it was pretty weak.	0
the items i ordered were marked as spicy also but... werent.	0
ive always passed by leng thai.	0
i havent actually eaten inside the restaurant but i do order delivery and today would be my second time.	0
the thai sausage is so delicious with so much flavour of the herbs and spices.	0
the beef jerky with sticky rice is another staple that i grew up eating so it was very delicious to me.	0
the khao soy noodle curry soup hits the spot.	0
give it a try i heard the name of this restaurant for a long time and now i finally have a chance to try.	0
i asked for recommendation and the waiter recommended the winters special pla pad ped sizzle fillet tilapia with spicy sauce.	0
once the dish was served the whole table was so aromatic and i can sense that this dish going to be spicy.	0
however this dish is very well seasoned not too spicy too sweet and too salty.	0
i really love this dish and thank to the waiter who recommended this dish.beside delicious food i also love the atmosphere cozy and relax.	0
beyond expectation service ill definitely come back again in summer for the backyard section.	0
i love their beautiful backyard.	0
the inside decor is also lovely.	0
the pineapple rice is my favorite.	0
they mix brown and white rice which makes it seem like a healthy choice.	0
im vegetarian so they hold the chicken.	0
thai iced tea is awesome.	0
great service too.	0
definitely a go to for us when were in astoria.very nice atmosphere.... excellent food.... welcoming staff.	0
you wont go wrong here.	0
giving them a 3 star because not everything was bad but overall not happy with my meal or dessert at all .i ordered the pineapple fried rice with chicken .	0
the fact it literally came out in two minutes surprised me but now i know why .	0
it must have been sitting there in a pan full of grease .	0
yes granted its fried rice but when its overly oily  comes out in 2 minutes its not a good thing .	0
i didnt finish it so i had room for desert .	0
oh why did i think it would have been better  nope it taste like when you leave something in the refrigerator for too long with an open lid .	0
the only thing i found tasty was my drink which was the strawberry breeze.	0
my other half ate curry tofu which he wasnt crazy about .	0
the service i guess it was ok he didnt ask how was everything  didnt up sale or offer anything  now i know why .	0
sorry wont be going back for food just maybe for a drink .	0
it only takes one bad experience to overpower all the great ones we had in the past.	0
leng food has been consistently good and i always bring my outoftown friends there.	0
well i did last night and it was such a disappointment.	0
i called the restaurant and asked if we could bring our own bottles of wine.	0
the person said yes.	0
i asked how much was the corkage fee and he said 5 dollars and 30. i said thanks and went in the wine store to buy the wine.	0
we made it to the restaurant and the waiter insisted that they could not open the wines.	0
he checked with the person who answered the phone and said that he was new and didnt know.	0
from that moment on he was persistent in getting our orders and tried to rush us out.	0
he even spilled water on one of our guests.	0
it was embarrassing.	0
im embarrassed that i picked such place and the service was so crazy and disrespectful.	0
get your act together leng.	0
astoria is a very nice place with many options.	0
guess which restaurant were not going to choose during our next night out seeyouneveragain just based on delivery experiencedelivers within time frame food is really good probably the best thai delivery in the area and ive tried most of them.green curry was really good and they give you a lot.	0
i was able to have for 2 mealswhen they can they use biodegradable containers similar to whole foods and i really appreciate this effort on their part yummy food.	0
blink and miss place but definitely try once well cooked and nicely blended taste.	0
pleasant people.	0
wont rush you into ordering anything.	0
love the vietnamese ravioli the limonade is out of this world good with hints of mints and i dont know what else that makes it so yummy my favorite is the outdoor backyard cozy most delightful patio.	0
seriously on a nice day check it out and go get a nice cold thai beer... hummm i am thinking of going back there right now i dont get out to queens that often but whenever i do its usually to eat something tasty.	0
i had lunch here the other day with some coworkers and it was uberdelicious.maybe its just coming from brooklyn with our generic thai on every corner situation but everything we had was notches better.	0
no surprise i guess.we had bun things with pork.	0
and i think ribs or am i imagining that and salads bursting with freshness.	0
and ducks in soups.flavors galore.afterwards we all went to the noguchi museum.	0
get an espresso.	0
it makes for a good afternoon.	0
i live a few blocks for this restaurant and it is my goto for thai.	0
their food is always good with huge portions that are reasonably priced.some highlights their lunch special is awesome.	0
you get a salad and a dish for around 9 i know it says 7 on the website but this is a mistake.	0
the salad is fresh and the dressing is delicious.	0
the dish i usually get pad thai or pad cee yew is huge.	0
one time i got this for lunch and ate it for dinner and lunch the next day.	0
that is three meals for 9. awesome.	0
their pad see yew is some of the best ive had in the city.	0
i suggest beef.duck rolls.	0
amazing.steamed dumplings were about average but the sweet dipping sauce really sets these things over the edge.	0
i had the khao pad sapparod sauteed brown rice with chicken onions carrot scallion and pineapple and it was wonderful.	0
the rice was so light and airy but filling.	0
loved it.also we ordered apple saki and it was delicious.	0
it literally tasted like boozey apple juice.	0
i def recommend that.a few negativesi went on mothers day with a party of 5 and they were not very accommodating to our group.	0
we wanted to sit outside but there were no larger tables.	0
we suggested that they put together 2 smaller tables and they said no.	0
i mean i personally did not care that much we ended up being seated right next to the outside area but this may have bothered some people.	0
also the bul go gui that we ordered wasnt as good as it usually is however i did eat it the next day and it was fine.	0
maybe it was just a weird day for the chef.overall one of the better thai places in the city with reasonable prices big portions and a friendly staff.	0
and it is so cute on the inside this place has worst service i ever got.	0
i barely touched my food because of their wrong explanation.	0
so i was trying to order different food.	0
but first sentence from waiter was you cant returni didnt even say i want to return.	0
then this waiter convinced me his explain was not wrong.	0
my friend was trying to explain to him nicely.. we are not trying to return we just want to letting you know she wouldnt order if you said this food has mussel when she ask you what kind of seafood is inside.	0
then this waiter got angry and said he told me everything.	0
it doesnt matter who is right.	0
but everyone start to get angry because of his behavior.	0
then they brought me a check with including 18 tip.	0
am i weird to get angry about this i dont even have a right to leave a tip for their bad service never go again.	0
i live in the neighborhood and this is absolutely the best thai place in astoria and probably the best asian restaurant as well.	0
it is familyowned and there are always big families enjoying an authentic meal.	0
the back patio is a wonderful place to enjoy a dinner on a nice day and there is plenty of seating inside as well.the best dish in my opinion is the kee mao talay for 14.00. it is seafood in an incredible spicy thai broth.	0
i have never tasted anything like it  just amazing.	0
what a fabulous little gem youd never know that just beyond the hustle and bustle of broadway after squeezing through the slim leng interior lies a little eden where lanterns and greenery and romance aboundleng thais backyard garden is so lovely and i am so bummed i didnt discover it earlier in the season.	0
my hot date this visit was my mom and we oohed and aahed and got cozy.the service was quick and a team effort.	0
i couldnt have told you who our official server was but we never wanted for anything.	0
thai iced teas came mom decided she wasnt a fan but shes cray cray along with some sweetspicymagical complimentary noodle thing.	0
i have zero idea what it was but its like rice crispy treats made from noodles.	0
our spring rolls were standard but yummy and no disappointment.	0
im a big fan of noodle dishes and my mom doesnt eat thai much.	0
schockingly theres a dearth of authentic thai food in the colorado mountains.	0
i tried to lead her to my faves but she found jap chae korean beef sauteed with veggies soy sesame sauce and a very cool nearly iridescent noodle intriguing.	0
i decided to venture from my rut and give it a shot.	0
i didnt love it.	0
it didnt have the depth of flavor i was expecting but my mom thought it was delicious.	0
everything else about the evening was spot on so ill definitely be back.	0
ive been here a few times and im giving it four stars for fresh ingredients great service and good food.	0
but this is not your average thai place because the menu is very authentic hence the name duck salad amazingpad thai tons of it but in my opinion not that flavorfuldrinksgreat awesome place.	0
my favorite dishes are the pad thai steamed dumplings and chicken satay.	0
there is also a very good variety of sake to choose from.	0
the location is very close to the n and the q trains.so if heading into the city you would be able to get there very quickly.	0
leng also has a lovely backyard.	0
perfect for spring summer and parts of the fall.	0
an added bonus is that they also have chocolate cake i try to go there at least a couple of times a month.	0
really great thai food we order from here on grub hub probably once a week.	0
i always get the chili basil friend rice with chicken  and for 1 i get extra chicken  not bad  the wait for my order isnt bad either.	0
heres something that ive always found helpful.	0
if a restaurant has authentic in the name it probably isnt.	0
the food was mediocre the decorations pretentious the price was too high for the food and the service downright bad.	0
enough said.	0
nice outdoor patio.come here for a birthday...they play an asian rendition of the happy birthday song.	0
i dont like the b in the window... best take out i have ever had in my life.	0
every item i have had so far is tasty delectable and feels like you are eating at a sit down dinner in the comfort of your home.and regardless if you order over the phone or through eat 24 your order arrives in 20 minutes or less...love it yay for leng a year later and its still just as good.	0
we came back to leng with our friends for my birthday and sat outside in the lovely courtyard again.	0
the food is just so good and the portions are so generous i had my leftovers for a nicesized lunch today.	0
bonus points for the completely bizarro soundtrack which began with seasons of love from rent and moved on to such artists as u2 whitney houston bette midler and phil collins.	0
kept us guessing  and laughing  throughout the meal.	0
p.s.	0
the hystericaladorable postcard photo of grandpa leng is funny both when still drunk on sake and the next day.	0
live this place lunch special price is unbeatable my favorite thing on the menu is eggplant with thai basil and yellow coconut curry.	0
we also order a lot of khao pad sapparod my kids love that and bul go gui.also excellent is grilled zucchini appetizer.	0
we just love this place and eat there at least once a week oh the agony of having to decide if 3.5 stars should be rounded up down today i round down with the qualification that i do plan on giving leng thai another shot but by dining in rather than getting delivery.	0
i think the food would be better and everybody else seems to loooooooooooovvvvvvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeeeee the experience of eating in.delivery took about 40 minutes as expected through grub hubs notification.	0
we shared the fried vegetarian roles which were delightfully crispy and had a pleasant texture and flavor.	0
i ordered the teow tom yum which was probably a huge mistake for me since i typically have problems with mysterious seafood products.	0
fish balls and fish patties make me nervous.... well any mystery meat makes me nervous.	0
thus i cant vouch for the seafood but the broth was spicy and a bit sour exactly what i would expect from a tom yum.	0
my partner ordered yum ped  crispy duck salad.	0
his review was that it had too much meat which is something he never says and that because they put the dressing on before delivering itthe salad itself was soggy.	0
well i think ill stick to cheap chinese or indian food delivery at least in astoria.	0
but ill come to you leng thai to confirm the adoration that so many others have for you.	0
i recently moved to astoria and was pleasantly surprised by leng authentic thai restaurant.	0
i used to work in chelsea where it seemed like on every corner there was a thai place from pongsri to planet thai.	0
and im also a fan of the super spicy jaiya on 3rd ave and 28th street so i feel like i have a pretty good idea of what good thai food is.	0
leng thai has all the usual thai staples...pad thai green curry panang curry pineapple rice but what sets it apart is everything else that is not a typical thai dish.	0
im not sure if these other dishes are authentic thai but they are authentically delicious.	0
in fact i know they even throw in a few korean dishes that are very good as well.	0
appetizers  pork bun sandwiches.entrees  ground beef with peanut sauce and flat noodles pad thai the portions are generous and the prices are reasonable.	0
this is a must try especially if you live in astoria.	0
prostasty i usually judge a thai place off of its pad thai and they have got that dish down in addition to the myriad of other thai dishes they serverelatively cheap especially for the qualitygreat atmosphere relaxed sophisticated but casual slightly modern but not pretentiouslarge portions always enough to take home and save for another full mealvery polite attentive service the owner poo has always been welcoming to megardenoutdoor seating area in the backconshonestly... no cons.	0
i guess the prices are a tiny bit high but not really and considering the dishes always last for another meal its actually pretty cheap since you could basically divide the price by 2.highly highly recommended.	0
what has happened to leng thai after my terrible experience last time i decided to give them another try in case they have taken notice and improved things but no  my khao pad sapparod that i just ordered is the most uninspiring and bland food that i have eaten in a long time.	0
a total absence of flavor  no flavor none i was a fan of their khao pad sappaord and i mourn the loss.	0
if an ecofriendly brown paper packaging is your only reason for ordering from them go ahead but dont expect your taste buds to be tingled huuuge portions but everything was just ok. if you go on a saturday or sunday for brunch they give you one of two cocktails for free i liked my coconut water that i opted for instead of going the cocktail route.	0
it had fresh pieces of coconut in the glass.the pad thai was huuge sweet pretty tasty but got boring after a while.	0
its honestly like four servings big so if you split it up for leftovers it ends up being cheap its 10. bf got the roasted chicken with a papaya salad and sticky rice and it paled in comparison so a similar dish i had at song in park slope recently.	0
it was all ok but nothing amazing.	0
his was 12.this place is a good deal if you indulge in the free drink option at brunch but otherwise its very skipable.	0
as another reviewer stated i wouldnt call this thai as much as i would fusion.	0
the flavor profiles add up to a lot of almost.	0
there seems to be something missing from every dish ive tried not spicy enough not sweet enough not coconutty enough.	0
the chef would do well to kick everything up a notch.	0
even though the decor is lovely and the staff very nice this is not a place ill jump to try again.	0
portions are enormous seriously get 3 appetizers and share between two people and youre full.	0
this place has a backyard which makes the dining experience on a nice day much more enjoyable.	0
first time here in a couple years.had recommended to coworker that this was the best thai close to work hed returned w rave review so we took a party of 8 or so for lunch on a fri. diners were a reasonable diverse crew half of us had been born in china and others from india egypt and a couple of us born in us one left coastla la land and me right coast.pleasantly surprised were we all.	0
ge	0
 best thailand cuisine in new york citybeautiful outdoor seating with garden and water fountain authentic food great service and lively atmosphere.	0
expensive ripoff with stingy portions.	0
not returning.	0
ive been a loyal customer for 20 years since they had the original single storefront.	0
the quality has been in gradual decline since they expanded.	0
i took my boyfriend who was visiting from wisconsin.	0
on behalf of new york city i was embarrassed that this is supposed to be one of our best thai restaurants.	0
it was expensive for the tiny little bit we ate and it didnt taste good either or have any degree of spice.	0
the chicken red curry barely had any chicken in it.	0
come on sripraphai its not like chicken costs that much especially with the volume youre buying.	0
dont be so cheap.	0
we hadspring rolls combo  what were these toothpicksized excuseschicken red currysauteed mixed veggieschicken stock ricewith tip it came to 42. we could have barbecued at home and eaten like kings for that amount of cash.	0
weve had much better thai food in wisconsin.	0
if youre ever in milwaukee go to thai kitchen at 2831 n oakland avenue.in queens i guess ill just go to ayada.	0
the food is aok.	0
the menu consists of over 30 pages of items and the restaurant is large  i think thats why the quality is not quite there.	0
its edible but nothing special.	0
the bbq pork appetizer was very good it came in a nice portion and the meat was juicy and marinated.	0
the thai ice tea was a little too sweet.	0
the pad see ew was bland and boring i dont know where the flavors were but at least it wasnt oily.	0
the red curry was also a disappointment asked for spicy and it was not spicy at all and they put too much basil in there makes me wonder how can the curry be so bad in a thai restaurant... if you want rice you have to pay extra 2 for the coconut rice.	0
just meh.	0
sripraphai has been for me the go to thai place for many years.	0
whenever we wanted real thai and had time to make a hike to queens we never hesitated to spend the time.	0
i always recommended it to everyone as the best thai in nyc .	0
it was always sooo good.	0
but something has changed.	0
over the last year visited the place twice and both of the times were very mediocre experiences.	0
just this weekend we went back and had 4 dishes.	0
only one of them came out decent as in approaching to what it used to be.	0
the rest was just bleeeh .	0
wheres before each dish would be a revelation now i cant stop and think that i could do better at any takeout.	0
i asked that has been there for many years if something has changed no she assured me the chef is still the same.	0
i dont buy it.	0
also i couldnt help but notice that the restaurant is having hard time filling seats.	0
so i think lots of people have noticed the deterioration of quality.	0
on saturday night the restaurant was half empty.	0
the adjacent sessions  which they built in the last year or so was completely empty.	0
in the past there used to be a line out of the door with half an hour wait.	0
this is the best thai restaurant i have ever encountered compare to all others.	0
their food portions are family sharing sizes tasty menu and they have the best thai iced tea.	0
you can order the thai iced tea with bubble or without bubble tapiocai have tried their watercress dishsatays chicken and porkchicken with cashew and pineapple flat wide noodle crispy pork with watercress soft shell crabsmango saladstom yam soup tom ka kai soup overall i loved everything i have tried there.	0
i usually eat them with rice.	0
should give a try.	0
there are notes on the menu for gluten soy etc in the dishesthis is cash only place.	0
finally came to try sripraphai after almost everyone recommended this place to meto start off i had the curry puffs and the papaya salad.	0
i normally order the papaya salad at thai restaurants but ive never had one that was spicy i love spicy and thought that this was the best papaya salad ive ever had.	0
my bf had to look for papaya for me because i could not stop eating it it made my tongue hurt but it was worth it.the curry puffs were pretty good.	0
it was my first time having them so i cant really compare them to another previous occasion.	0
but id much rather stick with the papaya salad.i ordered the chicken pad thai and i would have to say it was pretty similar to other pad thai ive had.	0
it didnt stand out much but they did give a huge serving that i ended up taking the rest togo.	0
my bf ordered the drunken noodles which were just as good.	0
they had a spicy kick to it and there was a good amount of basil incorporated in the dish.overall sripraphai did not disappoint.	0
the main dish that stood out to me was the papaya salad and i would travel out to woodside for this.	0
the other dishes i can probably find a thai restaurant near me that can satisfy my cravings.	0
also cash only.	0
and tip if you go around 7pm you are almost guaranteed to find parking in less than 10 minutes.	0
very disappointed.	0
been to sriprathai woodside for many years.	0
this is probably the last time i am going there.	0
i give a star to the staffservers and a star for the freshness of the shrimps they used.	0
thats about it.	0
i almost feel bad for giving it two stars but it does not deserve more.	0
the food was no good and the price has gone way up.	0
i honestly can get better authentic thai food elsewhere in the neighborhood at a much more pocket book friendly place.	0
so whats wrong you know while your neighbors are making thai food from scratch with real ingredients like lemon grass gingers curry spices and real chilly peppers.	0
your customers can probably taste the instant spice mix you are using as a short cut the tom yum soup i ordered was very sour.	0
i finished it anyways because i came on a chilly day.	0
i was freezing.	0
but honestly i can make tom yum soup at home just like yours with a jar of tom yum paste i get from an asian supermarket.	0
the green mango salad with seafood has more seafood than mango.	0
fine.	0
its 12.50 you need to justify it.	0
i get it.	0
but the flavor profile of the salad was weak.	0
the mango was very sweet and very finely shredded.	0
i want more mango thats why i ordered this ive had better mango salad from a no name thai restaurant than here seriously what made me really upset was the so called drunk man noodles from the first time i had it here this very location in 2008 this is the worst one ive had there is no way i was at sriphrathai this five ingredient dumrunkman noodles noodles tomato a few sad piece of bell pepper and basil and the boiled mock duck  was soggy and sad.	0
instead of stir frying the noodles and other ingredients to give it a nice char.	0
this was like mixing all the boiled wet ingredients together.	0
i doubt they used a wok to cook this.	0
really i would never expected a drunk man noodles of this quality from here.	0
were you using a temptcook tonight i couldnt finish it.	0
i had five bites the max.	0
the khao soy with chicken was really meh.	0
it was like mixing a bag of instant ramen mix with coconut milk.	0
have you tried mamas instant noodles curry flavor look for it in an asian supermarket.	0
it costs 1.5 a bag the most.	0
this khao soy tasted just like that.	0
not sure we could find any real spices used in the dish everything tasted very artificial.	0
sigh... this restaurant needs a little more love for food.	0
this is not the same place i used to go and look forward to my next visit.	0
no more no thank you i reviewed its hillside ave location a few months ago referencing how the food was better here in woodside.	0
i am taking it back.	0
sorry.	0
3.5 starsi got the drunken noodles with chicken.	0
the waiter asked me if mild heat was fine and i said yes instantly.	0
little did i know mild really meant dripping sweat kind of hot.	0
i love spicy food and i thought i couldve handled sripraphais mild noodles but i was wrong.	0
the first few bites were manageable but after about 14 of the way into the dish the chilies kicked in.	0
other than being spicy there really wasnt anything special or memorable about the drunken noodles.	0
it was also too salty.	0
i was more bothered with the level of saltiness than anything else.	0
however i would come back and try something else off of their extensive menu.	0
recommendedthe legendary and iconic sripraphai impossible to pronounce was once referred to as one of the best thai restaurants in the us in the last decade.	0
i dined there with three others on thursday 810. although this is a good restaurant worth returning to it is not entitled to the aforementioned praise.the restaurant is convenient to mass transit one nearby subway train being the 7 as well as the woodside lirr station.	0
it is in easy walking distance from both.	0
forget about parking which in queens is as relevant as the tooth fairy.	0
the casual storefront space is much larger than it seems and acoustics are not bad so conversation is possible.	0
i ordered a large saki to put a glow in this meal.the servers were pleasant and efficient and our dishes arrived much sooner than one would expect.	0
the tom yum soup was savory and delicious with a nice coconut flavor.	0
duck salad was on point i hate that phrase.	0
the two sausage salads we ordered were appropriately fatty and nicely seasoned.	0
the fish cakes were yummy with a nice soft texture.onto the entrees.	0
the chicken with glass noodles was superb.	0
the chicken was tender and the noodles had fabulous texture.we ordered three curries and i was a little disappointed by each.	0
the curry dishes were penang beef curry massaman shrimp curry and shrimp green curry.	0
we asked for a medium spice level but the curries were each extremely mild with no evident heat.	0
the curries were dumbed down.	0
what a shame because each of the curries had wonderfully complex flavor.	0
if you go here insist upon the level of heat you desire.the last dish i tried was the fried catfish.	0
i do not recommend this dish since it was all breading with little visible evidence of fish.bottom line sripraphai thai is a good not great restaurant.	0
i would not hesitate to dine here again however.	0
ayada has been my longtime favorite thai spot but i think i found a new place to obsess over.	0
me and my friend head over because i read that they have one of the best noodle dishes in nyc which is plenty of a reason to check this place out.	0
while i was going to order the noodle dish i couldnt help but notice that lunch is till 4 pm you get 3 dishes plus your choice of drink for 14.50. wut wuuuuuut that got me really excited so the noodle dish would have to wait.	0
i got dumplings tom yum with shrimp and i believe basil chicken with rice.	0
let me explain to you about their hot sauce.	0
every thai restaurant has their staple of hot sauce.	0
some places have a variety while every place has the standard red hot sauce with the bits of the seeds.	0
so per usual i ask for hot sauce and i got 3 different types.	0
standard.	0
the pickled concentrated version and one that i havent seen before.	0
i try the new one and i gradually begin to notice that its hot.	0
not the usual spiciness but the kind where you finish your iced coffee and have to order a second in order to not start crying.	0
so when the lady comes to clear the table and give us our bill i ask her whats in the hot sauce.	0
people.	0
this.	0
is.	0
not.	0
ordinary.	0
hot.	0
sauce.	0
this is thai chillies in which they would dry on rooftops back in thailand.	0
but here they just dry out the peppers in the oven.	0
if youre familiar with indian cuisine you know the dried peppers packs a much stronger heat that the ordinary ones.	0
i wasnt dealing with ordinary spices but thai level spices and didnt die.	0
definitely an accomplishment.	0
the food was definitely delicious.	0
portions were massive.	0
staff was very sweet and engaging in conversation.	0
they have the beautiful fountain in the back.	0
i cant wait to come back.	0
the only drawback would be cash only.	0
but that really is a small setback to the wonderful dishes you are about to experience.	0
pad thai tastes just like the one i waited an hour in line at bangkoks famous pad thai restaurant a bit sweet hint of sour and even bigger portion and a choice of protein arrived on a summer tuesday afternoon during their nonpeak hours.	0
my date and i wanted to go out to the garden to enjoy the surrounding flower but the server who greeted me warned that there will be lots of insects.	0
since it was really hot we decided to stay inside.	0
interior is still spacious and can host parties of 20 or more.	0
we ordered the duck salad plenty of duck pieces but duck skin could be more crispier which was refreshingly seasoned with lime and fish sauce.	0
they gave a generous amount of chicken pieces in my chicken pad thai.	0
the beef drunken noodle had a hint of sweetness and smokiness.	0
my date said it taste as good as the one at klongs st. marks manhattan.	0
i was not fond of the coconut juice because it was overly sweet.	0
do they use real coconut juice i am not sure.	0
menu is extensive.	0
servers are friendly and approachable.	0
i will most likely come back to try more dishes.	0
hands down best thai restaurant in nyc.	0
a bit of background im from toronto which is super multicultural so ive had pretty good thai food.	0
ive also been to thailand and had the authentic food there.	0
the food here is merely just mediocre.	0
i got the spicy level on all the items ordered  it really wasnt that spicy mild to medium at most.	0
i ordered the beef tendon soup 3.55 beef red curry 2.55 in taste but also side note that you have to order rice separately... and shrimp drunken noodles 45. the drunken noodles were definitely the best item ordered  id recommend.	0
however this isnt a place id rave about and probably wont be coming back again.	0
i came here after hearing all the reviews and rave about extraordinary thai food.	0
the flavors here are on point i ordered the drunken noodles and my girlfriend tried the pad thai.	0
both were plate licking good.	0
unfortunately we didnt get to try the famous green curry which i would recommend the other tables seemed to have a better time slurping their curry.	0
the only one thing i can find unsatisfactory about my food was the noodles felt a little overdone.	0
it kept falling apart when i tried to pick it up.	0
one of my favorite thai restaurantsit appears their menu grew since the last time i came but the options are endless and so hard to choose from cause i want to eat everything.	0
we ordered the shrimp pad thai tom yum soup shrimp and the chicken rice which were all delicious theyre very authentic as well.	0
for dessert i definitely could not forget to order the water chestnut in coconut milk.	0
thats a dessert i absolutely love and find it surprising a lot of thai restaurants ive been to dont have this.	0
overall highly recommended pad thai shrimp was great and the spring rolls was super hot dont burn your tongue cash only.... their desserts are good here.	0
the place used to be very good but now more commercial and the food taste is not like before.	0
the fried rice we ordered was not at all tasty.very disappointed an absolute gem of a place in woodsideif the weather is nice definitely sit in the back outdoor garden area.	0
highlights included the red snapper fried soft shell crab and sorry to be basic amazing pad thai.	0
do not skip the mango sticky riceprobably the best thai food ive had in new york and a beautiful place to eat with friends.	0
dont forget its cash only.	0
i have been at this restaurant few times and i always enjoy having dinner there i highly recommend the green mango salad with shrimp the fried soft shell crab and their curry dishes.	0
great thai food restaurant id give a 3.5 if i could.	0
ive been here twice and its great but definitely not the best thai food i ever had and its on the pricey side.	0
i got the papaya salad because i remember this from last time.	0
it was unfortunately too salty this time and portion seems to have shrunken.my husband got the beef curry soup which was not bad but still a tiny portion.	0
and they charge rice separatelyits cash only here and the good news is they have atm machine.	0
bad news is that the machine charges you 1 when you withdraw.	0
hands down the best vegetarian thai food i have ever had and this is even after going to thailand love love love this place we ordered appetizers  papaya salad fried tofu and tom yum soupentrees  drunken noodles panang curry and basil fried rice the appetizers vanished minutes after being served.	0
everyone loved their papaya salad which was a great vegetarian find considering most papaya salads have shrimp or fish in it.	0
than came the entrees and i have never seen plates empty so fast their drunken noodles were my fav but the othed entrees were very close to being that yummy their food we ordered was medium spicy though it was a little spicy for my palette my parents and hubby enjoyed every bite of it.	0
told my family that we needed to go here 1 more time before heading home one of my favorite thai restaurants.	0
food is delicious and staff and service are great.	0
i came here because i heard it was really good but to my dismay nope.	0
not my kind of thai food.	0
the food i ordered was way too sweet i couldnt even finish it.	0
maybe i order the wrong dish but i came here twice and both times were blah experiences.	0
one dish order i semiliked was the raw shrimp but i had better somewhere else in queens too.	0
the food here was made for western palate.	0
i like my food spicy and i know some of the thai food i ordered should have been spicy than sweet.	0
people who say its the best thai food or real thai food havent really tried thai food.	0
this is my absolute favorite spot in all the boroughs.	0
i frequent about once a month and the food is always consistent always fresh.	0
the restaurant gets jam packed during weekends.	0
they dont take reservations but you dont usually wait more than 30 minutes.	0
the menu is hard to parse through as there are tons of options and pages  i usually hate too many options at a restaurant but dont totally mind it here.the soft shell crab appetizer is an excellent starter.	0
all three options you can get with the soft shell crab are excellent.	0
the green curry red curry pad see ew drunken noodles pad thai and cal soy are wonderful.	0
its filling its fresh its beautiful one thing to note is that their spice level is very extreme  their spicy will make you chug water like crazy.	0
so be cautious.	0
for dessert their mango with sticky rice is good but they have a lovely section in the fridge of thai desserts than range from 35 dollars.	0
theyre delicious.	0
all are a must try.	0
cash only  they have an atm  it charges 1.00 feevegetarian review  be forewarned.	0
although there is some decent insight ive been eyeing this place for a long time and never went until recently.	0
a friend who lives in long island wanted to catch up over dinner.	0
we needed a place close to the woodside lirr station so we picked this spot.	0
as a vegetarian i was happy that this place was vegetarian friendly.	0
there is a yellow section of the menu that is specific to vegetarians  its a few pages  which is great.	0
we ordered very light.	0
i got the chive vegetable fried dumplings tom yum vegetarian soup and we shared a sticky coconut rice and mango dessert.	0
the chive vegetable dumplings about 4 are only filled with chive.	0
which was a let down as chive is a great addition to veggie dumplings shout to brooklyn wok shop.	0
it was way to doughy tasting.	0
my fellow vegetarians skip this appetizer so this was my 1st time having tom yum soup.	0
turns out  it wasnt really my thing.	0
but it wasnt bad  all.	0
it tasted sweet  spicy.	0
it had flavor its just i didnt know that i wasnt gonna become a fan of lemongrass.	0
all in all it was great to have a veggie version of a popular meat dish.	0
it was also full of mushrooms snow peas and other veggies.	0
so it was definitely hearty.	0
sm about 4.50 i just only drank the broth tho so the dessert was delicious and unexpected.	0
we werent expecting sticky coconut rice w 2 big halves of mango and then the mango was on top of coconut milk that was dripping off of the sticky rice.	0
it was a great combo dessert about 7 i also ordered a chardonnay 5. it wasnt the best but what do you expect it did the job.	0
they dont have a happy hour but the drinks are cheap 410. just dont ask the waiter  he has no idea what happy hour is.	0
kinda embarrassing on my part lol5 stars because of good service ambience and the space is quite clean.	0
very well taken care ofpossible dinner party locationi noticed that the place is not only well taken care of but it also has an extensive amount of space.	0
which lets me know that this restaurant would be a great party location.	0
they were only using 1 dining room but had 2 available.	0
this includes a beautifully maintained backyard dining area.	0
they did a little landscaping and it looks really nice.	0
i think theres even a fountain i mean you wouldnt even know they had a backyard from the outside.	0
this place has big windows that let in a lot of light.	0
anyways point is  if youre interested in having a dinner party  this is a cute spot.	0
last word great romantic date night spot for under 35 for 2. that included tip we went on a peak hour for dinner.	0
although there were 6 or 7 parties waiting for the table my husband and my friend including me were seated within 5 minutes.	0
we ordered fried catfish with papaya salad and cranked it up a notch with the level of spiciness.	0
thai iced tea with milk helped when it was too spicy but i enjoy spicy foods.	0
i dont recommend getting thai iced tea with milk because the milk to tea portion is not worth it.	0
it doesnt give me that earthy taste i love about thai iced tea.given that the restaurant was fairly busy we were tended to quite well with refills of water.	0
we ordered chinese vegetable with fried pork.	0
this we ordered spicy again.	0
i loved itfor soup we went with orange soup that came with shrimp and egg pancake.	0
this was another good order because it is kind of rare in manhattan where i normally dine.overall would have been a 5 stars if the thai iced tea was represented but im happy with the food and their service so will be having subsequent visits to here i came back today saturday and wasnt wowed.	0
at least i didnt have to wait at 515pm there were plenty of tables.	0
the food was plenty but the quality was just ok. papaya seafood salad big portion but boring taste the seafood was clearly prefrozen and had no taste.	0
larb with ground pork just ok the minced pork had a lot of tougher cartilaginous pieces that i couldnt chew.	0
drunken noodles with sliced pork although the meat was dry and tough the noodles were good.	0
sauted crispy pork belly with chili garlic and basil leaves although the flavor of the pork belly was good you could tell that it had been cooked earlier and waited for a while.	0
ripe mango with sticky rice delicious.	0
their house red wine 12 liter for 9 is pretty good and a true bargain.	0
overall im not sure its worth to come here anymore.	0
even though they give you a lot of food and have a lot of choices they have so many dishes that its impossible for them to cook them expressly for you... and it tastes accordingly.	0
i have a personal attachment to this place and will probably end up coming back but not for a while.	0
however i wouldnt wait to eat here.	0
its just average quality thai comfort food way too popular than it should.	0
amazing thai food.	0
i thought thai food was all about the pad thai and pad see ew but i was so wrong.i got to come here with a big group which means i was able to try a lot of things on their menu.im not sure what this dish was called but it was this fried fish with a spicy mango salad.	0
that was honestly the best dish there.	0
also their soft shell crab is so damn good.	0
if you like spicy their curries will set a fire in your mouth straight down to your stomach.	0
honestly it seems pointless to try to describe my experience here because you just have to go and try their food.	0
i doubt anything on their menu will taste bad.	0
just stop reading the reviews here jot the address down and come here for a delicious meal.	0
i have known this place since i first came to ny.	0
they serve authentic thai food.	0
the flavor is on the spicy side so always tell the waiter what level of spiciness you can handle.the bbq beef salad is awesome order with sticky rice.	0
the green curry is very good too.	0
very popular place.	0
something about the dishes that didnt taste 100 fried rice was a bit too saucy and the thai ice tea was too sweet.	0
the lunch menu was a great deal though.	0
off the beaten path but a great spot for good affordable thai.	0
what i love is that they have dishes that many restaurants dont have.	0
good selection of soup and the great stand by pad thai.	0
i always want their mango soft shell crab.	0
back in the day they were tiny but now they also have a beautiful garden patio.	0
the service has gone down but the food is still reliable.	0
i dont have much experience with thai food but i really like this restaurant and i am always satisfied with my meal afterwards.to start the the pork jaew pork neck is amazing i would kill for this.	0
the meat itself is so tender but the outside is nice and crispy and the contrast is so nice.	0
the spicy and sour dipping sauce is so good also i love love love this dish so much a must try.i really like the beef tendon soup also.	0
they are super generous with the tendon  its perfectly cooked with an amazing bite to it and the soup is nice also.	0
i always get the regular one never tried the dark.the crabmeat fried rice was a little disappointing.	0
again they are very generous with the crab meat but i wish the rice was a bit crispier.	0
the soft rice and crab have almost the same texture so it didnt really have that nice mouth feel you would get at a good chinese restaurant fried rice.	0
i also think they could be a little more aggressive with the seasoning they probably dont want to overpower the sweetness of the crab but it was a tad bit bland.the pad thai is usually quite good but today it was a bit on the sweet side for me.	0
generous with the shrimp also and the peanuts and lime are a nice touch.	0
we also tried the bbq chicken with coconut rice set and it also comes with some papaya salad.	0
the papaya salad here is pretty good its nice and sweet sour and tangy.	0
the bbq chicken was nothing special really but at least it was well cooked.	0
interestingly the coconut rice here is sweet my first time having coconut rice ever i expected it to be sweet but it seems that in malaysian cuisine the coconut rice is more savory and the coconut is more for the aroma.	0
however the coconut takes the driver seat and it was pleasantly sweet.	0
the rice was nice and fluffy but they provided a sweet dipping sauce for the chicken so im not really sure how i feel about the sweet on sweet.the appetizer plate is just alright.	0
the chicken wings arent bad but the tofu is pretty boring.	0
the brocolli with pork belly is so good and i dont even like vegetables lol.	0
the sauce is great and i love the fact theres crispy pork belly in the vegetables.	0
i am not a fan of the thai iced tea here.	0
its way too sweet for my liking and there isnt much of a tea flavor because of the overwhelming sweetness.	0
ive tried a few of the desserts in the past but i was not particularly impressed.service here is pretty prompt and the food doesnt take too long to come out.	0
the restaurant gets pretty packed on fridays and weekends so there might be a bit of a wait.	0
the menu is gigantic and a bit overwhelming.	0
but overall awesome and authentic thai food.	0
super cool toilets also  i will say this place reminds me of the touristy spots in thailand pictures of all the items on the menu.	0
ive been here a few times and i will say the fish entrees are the best things on this menu.	0
this time around i opted for crispy noodles curry puffs tom yum soup.	0
the noodles were how i expected not in your face with flavor but not bland where i would drop fish sauce and whatever condiments that will make it salty.	0
the curry puffs were on the sweet side for me which is something i noticed when i was over there things are sweeter in the motherland.	0
tom yum is tom yum.what is my take away this time around get fish ive ordered the vegetable basil fried rice.	0
they forgot to add my mushrooms the first time .	0
second time i ordered they added very few mushrooms i mean seriously  and then the crazy part is that their bamboo shot has this weird smell  hate it .	0
sometimes it smells sometimes it doesnt .	0
i cant come here again.	0
shrimp wrap was ok but not their good sweet chilli sauce chicken and crabmeat roll had a weird taste and they gave that same terrible sweet chili sauce again.	0
i wish i could reach into my fridge right then to get my sweet chilli sauce instead of this horrible one they gave.	0
shrimp pad thai was way over cooked in water and was too soft.	0
green curry soft shell crab tasted like popcorn chicken from popeyes.	0
way too much breading which overtook the crabmeat and it was lost in.	0
the curry sauce was good for my rice though.	0
roasted duck in curry sauce with bamboo shoots and eggplant was disgusting.	0
it was very salty and the sauce was beyond horrible.	0
i wish i sent this back to the kitchen cause how can they serve this what a waste of duck when duck is such a delicious meat.	0
we were in shock the place was so busy even the food was so bad.	0
weve been eating thai food for over 20 years most of them in manhattan and this place is not recommended.	0
i came here recently and there was about a 1520 minute wait.	0
we were seated in about 10 minutes.	0
this place is pretty big and seats a lot of people.	0
it is very busy and crowded so thats a good signthai iced tea  very sweet and milky.	0
i honestly dont know if they could really call it tea.	0
it was almost like a milkshake.	0
it was very tasty but i wish it wasnt so sweetthick.pad thai  decent.	0
i have had pad thai so many places some stand out and some do not.	0
although the pad thai was good i have had better.	0
it was a big portion so i got 2 meals out of it.i also tried the crab fried rice and the sliced basil beef  both were really good.	0
the menu is extremely overwhelming...which is why i just went with pad thai.	0
too many options pages and pages and pages long.	0
i would recommend looking at it online before coming.	0
servicestaff was fine.	0
i would come back.cash only.	0
the food didnt wow me but the attentive staff and decor definitely did.	0
theres plenty of tables inside but the back yard seating is cozy and would probably be perfect on a breezy sunny day.	0
i came on a saturday afternoon and it wasnt too packed.	0
however there was a larger party behind so i guess they cater to large groups as well.	0
their menu is organized and offers a wide selection to choose from.	0
and my favorite was actually the large vegetarian section.	0
pricing is decent and parking may be difficult at certain times but service is great.	0
sripraphai is an old thai restaurant establishment going back in the 80s.	0
not sure how old this place really is but my parents always came here back in the day.	0
if youre in the woodside area it surely is a must although this place is no longer the hidden gem of woodside queens the food and ambience is still good.	0
prices are decent but not entirely cheap.	0
they have an extensive menu beyond pad thai and thai iced tea so make sure to explore as much while youre here.	0
my favorite noodle dish here is the gai kua a flat noodle dish with peanuts chicken squid and cilantro.	0
the apps are a great addition as the entree may not entirely be filling if you havent eaten much.	0
try their curry puff and spring rolls.	0
if you arent full dessert is a must sticky rice sweet soup and ice cream dishes can be ordered here.	0
theres also a sweets section togo at the cash register.	0
in warm days they have outdoor seating which may get a little itchy if mosquitos are out.	0
it does feel very homey outside as its a backyard setting.	0
service is fast and friendly.	0
cash only my first experience here was much better than my most recent visit.	0
service lacked a bit today.	0
when i was ready to order needed more water and was ready for the check i had to wait and flag someone over and get their attention.	0
no one ever checked on me not sure where they all went since it wasnt busy.	0
food was only okay today as well.	0
the water crescents which were 14 of my dish were so undercooked i couldnt chew them.	0
pretty disappointed in my visit.. dont give into the hype.	0
sripraphai has been a part of my family since i was a kid.	0
i mean my auntie used to work in the kitchen for the owner mae sri who has now retired to cashier.	0
the food back then was top notch.	0
since its expanded and consumed the surrounding two spaces it has become a thai mecca serving mass produced food.	0
of course those who are just familiar with the basics pad thai som tum etc may be satisfied but they didnt even get that right for me the last time i was here.	0
the pad see ew i ordered in thai etc.	0
came so sweet and dry that it was just irreparable  even with all the side condiments that came in togo jars.	0
wtf happened where did the authenticity go it	0
 this place is dripping with opulence.	1
as soon as you walk through the large red doors you are taken to another world.	1
the decor reminds me of the temples in thailand gold everywhere and extravagantly lavash.	1
make sure you call ahead for a reservation.	1
i made one for 830pm on a tuesday and the waiting room was packed.	1
there was a celebrity that walked in after me with no reservation and they told that person it would be a 30 minute wait.	1
we ordereddrinks thai iced teaapps ray rai nah phu  spicy chicken wings main red curry w. chicken  pad se ew the wait staff were very attentive refilling your water removing empty plates and taking additional orders.	1
you dont have to call on your original server anyone working there is happy to help.	1
the thai iced tea was delicious.	1
a perfect sweet but not too sweet drink to accompany with your spicy dishes.	1
the ray rai nah phu came in small saucers.	1
this bit sized appetizer had a burst of coconut flavor with a curry zing to it.	1
the spicy chicken wings although not as spicy as i wanted were also quite good.	1
they were large sized pieces and had a great crunchy outer layer with a spicytangy sauce.	1
the red curry w. chicken was my favorite.	1
i was looking for a really spicy dish and this hit the spot.	1
the coconut milk balanced the heat in every bite.	1
i just wish the side of rice it came with was larger.	1
the pad se ew was also good.	1
we had to ask for chili sauce to make it more spicy.	1
i would definitely recommend this place if you want to wow a date or celebrate a special event.	1
its a beautiful spot with great food and service beautiful location with your assortment of thai food and the clever idea of having a royal menu to add some taste sides and price to your usually good eats.so many options to choose from here so be ready to be impressed with a variety and a great ambiance but when it comes to the food and price im not impressed.	1
if you want to impress a date with the right setting yet want to seem cultured a bit or know your way around a large and complex menu come check it out.	1
came in on a saturday at 3pm knowing that theyre closed at 4. so by 330 and last call we placed our order for soup appetizer entree and dessert for 2. its such a shame i had such hope for this place.	1
beautiful decor good partner to eat with friendly and capable staff and delicious food.	1
sadly i only enjoyed 2 out 4 of what i mentioned.the food was just ridiculously salty and the dessert never came.	1
dont mean to be negative but for what i paid.. this place is to die for best thai food evermy royal pad thai had one giant prawn along with many smaller ones and was delicious encased in a lattice of egg with shallots.	1
the tom yum soup was great to as was my spouses red curry with shrimp.	1
the wait was an hour with no reservations as this place is so popular.	1
great ambiance to.	1
i came here with a group of 4 to celebrate my girlfriends birthday.	1
we made a reservation for 6pm on a wednesday night.	1
i was super surprised to see that they were really busy.	1
they dont seat you until the whole party is there so make sure everyone comes on time thai villa is beautiful.	1
upon stepping inside there is a small wait area with seats.	1
going in the restaurant it may seem small but they have upstairs seating as well.	1
the lights inside the restaurant was pretty.	1
and the dining tables under the lights gave off a romantic vibe.	1
this place is definitely a nice place to go on a date.for starters we ordered the fried calamari.	1
it was fried well and the sauce had a very small kick of spice to it.	1
i had the chicken pad thai which was good.	1
it was the right amount of serving and im glad that they put the peanuts on the side instead of on the top of the noodles.	1
although the chicken was on the dry side it wasnt horrendous.	1
for dessert we ordered the sorbet trio which came with mango lemon and either strawberryraspberry.	1
i thought that it was refreshing although very hard to break and scoop up to eat.	1
we also ordered the thai medley compote.	1
it reminded me of honey bread with mochi and coconut icecream and condensed milk.	1
the small was kind of strong and this was something ive never had before.	1
the mochi rice cake was good and chewy.	1
i really enjoyed the coconut icecream.	1
but the honey bread was soaked in condensed milk which isnt how im normally used to having.	1
overall thai villa is a nice place to get dinner and take someone out on a date.	1
its cozy and seriously beautiful inside such a beautiful restaurant love the gold leaf decor so much.	1
for appetizers we orderedkao tang na tung rice cracker w minced shrimp pork crab meat coconut milk  lemon grass ray rai nah phu minced shrimp rice noodles curry paste wrapped in betel leaves  topped with crab meat entreesroyal pad thaired curryspecial duck dish that was recommended by our waitress presentation with each dish was nicely done  the dishes were flavorful and had great spice.	1
i didnt care too much for the appetizers but i enjoyed the pad thai curry  duck entrees greatly.	1
we also ordered a thai iced tea and ended up getting a 2nd thai tea each because we enjoyed it so much  it was perfectly refreshing to have with our spicy food.	1
one of the main reasons why i had this place bookmarked was because of the gorgeous interior design.	1
finally decided to come for a birthday dinner with my girls.	1
with all the good reviews and high ratings i came in with high expectations regarding the food.	1
i been to thailand so i really wanted to see if this place lives up to the authenticity of thai food.	1
it seems like its really hard and near impossible to have a reservation here especially on a friday or saturday evening.	1
if youre going to come here for dinner i suggest to come around 5306pm so you dont have to wait extremely long.	1
service here is mediocre.	1
not super attentive and since it gets quite busy inside the waiter tends to forget about you once your food is served.	1
yes there interior design is gorgeous and is definitely picture worthy but thats all i can say that was great about this place.	1
my friends and i ordered thai ice teas and lychee ice tea to start and they were way too sweet for our likings.	1
had some appetizers to start such as curry puffs ray rai nai phu and meing kum.	1
the appetizers were okay wasnt something that made me say wow that was good.	1
i ordered chilean sea bass in aromatic coconut milk and it was good.	1
the sea bass was soft and the tiny kick of slickness was perfect with the meal.	1
tried some of my friends pad thai and i wasnt too impressed.	1
overall food was okay.	1
not as great as i hope.	1
i feel like they americanized their food a bit to please their customers.	1
i had authentic thai food in thailand and this place doesnt come close.	1
i had thai food else where in brooklyn that was a closer representation to thai food and way better than here.	1
not a place ill come back to.	1
glad other people enjoyed it here but nope not me.	1
beautiful restaurant with incredibly unique thai food.	1
ive never had thai food quite like the dishes here.	1
first off the place is gorgeous from the waiting room to the booths everything looks like gilded gold.	1
even the bathrooms were beautiful....how is that possible we got here at 530 and things looked like they were just filling up by the time we left at 7 there was a line outside the door.	1
they dont take reservations on certain days  the entire party has to be present so plan accordingly.we got 2 appetizers the ray rai curry  crab meat in a leaf bowl and kao tang same base on a warm rice krispy thing.	1
both were incredible.	1
even though they had the same curry the base  texture change was lovely.	1
for the main course i got the kaeng neur lamyai bai chapoo braised beef coconut longan meat.	1
it was spicy and delicious there was a lot so i didnt finish it.	1
we also got the seafood crepe and a chicken stir fry sorry i forgot the name.	1
the only thing i didnt enjoy was the thai iced coffee which was kinda dark  didnt have enough condensed milk.	1
otherwise this is a fantastic restaurant.	1
i wanted to check out this place because of the dcor.	1
i would come back for the ambiance.	1
the food is pretty decent.	1
it is authentic.	1
the spiciness is actually spicy unlike many places.	1
i think the royal pad thai is more about presentation.	1
i will probably order a regular pad thai next time.	1
the duck salad appetizer with pomelo was delicious.	1
the portion sizes are good for sharing family style.	1
i will come back to sit in the booth.	1
i came here with party of 2 only.	1
we sat in the center of the main dining room next to other tables.	1
it was hard to speak because you have to speak over the tables right next to you.	1
a reservation was made the day before at 730p.	1
we were seated within a few minutes.	1
while walking through the restaurant i was in shock by the decor and the size of the restaurant.	1
this place is two floors filled with majestic decorations that would honestly convince me that i was in thailand if i was under the influence or something.i tried the kao tang na tung and the pad seew.	1
both were good kao tang na tung is minced shrimp and some other seasoning placed ontop of a rice cracker.	1
i just followed what other yelpers recommended and i was surprised by how tasty it was.	1
pad seew tasted like any other pad seew.	1
i definitely want to come back to try the other things on the menu.i suggest making reservations as i heard it gets pretty hectic during the dinner time.	1
definitely a great place for an intimate dinner not a great place for children.	1
it is also quite loud depending on where you sit.	1
random thought after ending the dinner with a discussion about really creepy movies i went to the bathroom and it was so dim that it freaked me out.	1
so uh.. i guess dont go to the bathroom right after conversations about scary topics lol.	1
great place with great ambiance.	1
the inside decoration is superb.	1
the food is well decorated tasty and well apportioned.	1
the food might be a bit spicy at times so you better ask the waiterwaitress first about the level of spiciness of the food before ordering.	1
service can be lacking at times.	1
the waiter was too rush and didnt fill the water too often.	1
overall it is a great place to come to have an awesome time with friends xd absolutely beautiful restaurant that i cant believe their price point isnt higher.	1
have been here now twice with work buddies and everyone enjoyed the food.	1
lunch specials come with appetizer and soup or salad.	1
highly recommend their mushroom house soup the cashew nut entree and curries.	1
if you love spice then dont be shy to ask for extra heatwell be back really underwhelming.	1
the yelp reviews were great so my expectations were high but it didnt live up to the hype.the decor was nice and had small villa like booths  definitely a 5 on decor especially for thai which typically has simple interiors.	1
however the food was overpriced and subpar.	1
the meal began with a free chunk of watermelon which was very exciting but had weird salty toppings.	1
my boyfriend and i split a vegetable crepe appetizer which wasnt that flavorful but did have a cool blue crepe the beef pad see ew which was pretty standard and the chicken green curry which was a bit odd.	1
the restaurant is a solid 3  i wouldnt choose to go back but i wouldnt protest if a friend wanted to go here for a birthday.	1
i was visiting nyc for the weekend and my friends from college and i had dinner at thai villa on a busy friday night.	1
the restaurant was packed and we had to wait a little bit despite our reservation but it wasnt long before we were seated.	1
when you walk into the restaurant you instantly notice all the gold colors illuminating the entire space.	1
our group was seated in a large booth with a lot of gold decor and lighting.	1
it was beautifulwe started out with a complimentary appetizer of watermelon with topped with minced fish crumble.	1
yes it sounds weird i know  but it actually tasted pretty good the sweet juicy watermelon actually paired well with the salty tangy fish for our main courses two of my friends had the green and red curry entres which were pretty spicy but they enjoyed their meals.	1
i ended up sharing a few dishes with a couple of my other friends kha nom boung youen mixed seafood in a crispy egg crepe kua gai noodles and panang curry w crispy duck.	1
all of the food was absolutely delicious my favorite had to be the kha nom boung youen  but they were all so good.	1
the dishes were flavorful and unique.	1
overall my friends and i had a wonderful time at thai villa.	1
the staff was super nice and welcoming and i cant wait to come back great thai food.	1
theyve got a million options so theres something for everyone decor is gorgeous as you probably know.	1
i started with a thai iced tea delicious and shared taro chips curry puffs pad thai cornish hen mango sticky ricethe apps were great.	1
pad thai was my favorite main.	1
every dish had a beautiful presentation and it was a nice surprise to find out the rice in the dessert was blue in general i find it kind of unusual to see mango sticky rice on menus around here if you disagree please drop me a dm and give me reccs because i love the stuff so it was a treat.	1
thai villa is definitely is one of if not the best thai restaurants ive been to since moving to new york the service space and food all come together to make for a worthwhile dining experience in the flatiron area.	1
all i can say is make a reservation nowi stopped in with a friend after making a reservation on a tuesday night.	1
after first glance you cant help but notice how beautifully decorated the space is.	1
it has an assortment of golden leaves hanging from the ceiling which makes for an experience in itself.	1
after my friend arrived we were promptly seated at a table on the second floor towards the back.we started with a shared appetizer specifically the kao tang na tung 10. its a mixture of shrimp pork and crab meat on rice crackers which were extremely tasty.	1
i highly recommend.when it came time to order the entrees i ended up choosing the param 1415. its a sauteed meat dish which also has vegetables cooked alongside it also cooked in a peanut sauce.	1
it was extremely filling and also really savory.	1
if youre looking for a dish on the heavier side with sweet and meaty kick definitely go for this one.great food great service and a great atmosphere definitely makes for a fivestar experience.	1
visit asap.	1
thai villa is an architectural beast.	1
i have never seen a restaurant with the uniqueness in design similar to this one.the food was equally beastly.	1
thai food is my favorite cuisine.	1
so it is saying something when i say this place has the best thai in nyc.a note it is a bit more americanized and not that authentic thai.	1
if you are ok with that then come here blindly....you will not be disappointed.	1
thai villa has definitely won me over or at least my first experience here did.the minute i walked in i knew i wanted to eat here regardless of the wait they told me it was a 30 minute wait for a party of two.	1
you could tell that this restaurant is authentic  the staff spoke thai and i had noticed that a good amount of the customers were also thai or at least they were speaking in thai.	1
the decor and ambience is on point and i must say the food is even better they have a large menu consisting of your basic thai foods that youd find at most thai restaurants a wide selection of local thai foods and their chefs specialties.since ive eaten at a fair share of thai restaurants i decided to go with items on their local thai foods menu.	1
i got two appetizers and the royal pad thai and this was enough for two people to share.	1
the presentation of the royal pad thai was beautiful and the entree itself was bursting with flavor.	1
between the appetizers i liked the ray rai nah phu i would recommend this more than the gai hor bai touy chicken in pandan leaves.i enjoyed my meal here so much that i came back two weeks later and ordered the pad kee mao which was alright a bit salty.	1
i also got the the pun sib salmon salmon puffs as an appetizer to share and though it was good the puff pastries were quite small so i didnt really think it was worth the price.if i were to come again id definitely go with the thai local foods menu and try some new appetizers.	1
this is an updated review.	1
i have to say joe the owner has put in a lotof work and thought to his place.	1
i also appreciate the fact that he takes time to read and respond to the reviews.	1
the food here is amazing.	1
flavorful savory and cooked w quality.	1
they also cater to vegetarians which my friend who dined in w me appreciated and it was so easy to order.	1
stag is amazingly friendly.	1
i will def be back here whenever i am in town.	1
cheers blessings and all the success on this place thats a hidden gem.	1
the interior decor of this place was absolutely stunning... elegant and high class with gorgeous and beautifully detailed gold leaves hanging down from the ceiling and golden lights throughout the restaurant.	1
the thai villa menu is also quite lovely a black book with a dainty silver tree on a circular shaped cut out in front.	1
i decided to order a thai iced coffee which was pretty good though a little more condensed milk would have been nice... i prefer my coffee a bit sweeter.	1
we were given an amousebouche of watermelon cubes with savory flakes on top.	1
i am not a fan of watermelon but this wasnt bad.	1
for the appetizer we ordered the tumeric coconut fried calamari which came with a delightful roasted bell pepperpeanut vinaigrette dipping sauce.	1
there was the flavor of tumeric but i was disappointed because i couldnt taste the coconut at all.	1
the calamari was nicely fried but tasted like regular calamari.	1
i was expecting it to be more unique.	1
i tried the kea mao with crispy duck which consisted of broad noodles chili onion bell pepper egg and basil leaves.the crispy duck was great with the skin being wonderfully crunchy and the meat being tender well seasoned and yummy.	1
the noodles were just okay.service was pretty good... quick and efficient.	1
i just was not wowed by the food so wouldnt come back.	1
came here early around 6pm and didnt have to wait the restaurant is absolutely gorgeous and it feels like you are being transported to another world.	1
the service was great and the menu was overwhelmingly large  i think i stared at it for more than 10 minutes trying to decide what to get... id say most items are unique and you cant get it in most thai restaurants in nyc.	1
i ordered the coconut fried calamari for appetizer which was good but didnt seem to have any coconut flavors.	1
for entrees i tried the red curry with duck and holy sh it was spicy i usually love spicy food and i could barely handle this one i shouldve asked them to turn it down a notch when i ordered but i didnt know it would be that spicy.	1
the duck was delicious though.	1
i also tried the pad seew with shrimp and it was tasty.	1
i would suggest to definitely try their cocktails they were infused with different flavors and were pretty strong.	1
if i come back next time i will venture out of my comfort zone and try items that i havent tried before.	1
this place is to die for best thai food evermy royal pad thai had one giant prawn along with many smaller ones and was delicious encased in a lattice of egg with shallots.	1
the tom yum soup was great to as was my spouses red curry with shrimp.	1
the wait was an hour with no reservations as this place is so popular.	1
great ambiance to.	1
thai vill was totally worth the 50 minute wait felt like less since we were soaking in the atmosphere people watching and sipping on drinks while we anxiously awaited our table.	1
luke has been wanting to get some thai since we got here and his wish finally came true.	1
the food was delicious and the quality of service was terrific.	1
not only that the decorations were absolutely stunning.	1
we were taken aback from the wait of 50 minutes since we walked 30 blocks to get there but extra time did not hurt especially since we had the opportunity to sit instead of walking.	1
i found this spot as the 1 thai within the moderately priced locations so we took a shot while waiting the hostess inquired if we wanted a drink while we wait as she did with everyone else and we ordered through her.	1
luke ordered a sweeter drink forgot the name and i order something similar to an old fashioned and boy were those drinks not only tasty but they do not play with their alcoholit seemed a lot less than 50 mins but we were quickly escorted to our table.	1
we were smack dab in the middle which we didnt mind since we were right under the goldleaf lighting fixture.	1
we ordered the tomyum soup and the curry puffs.	1
i loved the curry puff especially the dip they came in.	1
the mushroom in the tomyum did not appeal much to luke or i but the soup was still good.	1
for the entree i ordered the delicious pad thai and luke the pad see ew.	1
both was very filling and full of flavour the only thing i would change is make them a tad bit spicier.	1
throughout our dinner the servers were attentive of everyone and our glasses were constantly filled if we were ever close to half full.	1
im so glad we spent dinner at this location and would suggest this spot not only for the food but as well as the superb service visited thai villa while in nyc and i must say the service was exceptional and the food was even better.i started with the salmon puff appetizer and oh my god they were amazing  for my entree i had pad thai with crispy duck and it was cooked to perfection.the cocktail list is filled with wonderful favorites.	1
the restaurant is stunning  the decor in the dining upstairs and restrooms makes any night feel special.make sure you make reservations.	1
its great to leave a restaurant fully satisfied with extra money in your pocket.	1
cheers  stopped by here for a late lunch and it was packed.	1
we had to wait around 20 minutes for an opening.	1
we heard it was a popular thai restaurant here and it definitely seemed that way.	1
needless to say i was excited for it.atmospherearchitecture 910let me start off by saying the building decor and just overall flair of this restaurant is impeccable.	1
asiatic themed gold trim with very lavish decoration and semiwaterfall near the entrance all of these are realistically unnecessary things but in the end they highlight the grandeur of the restaurant.	1
even the bathroom had the faucet as a golden carp or some other animal.	1
seriously.	1
i give it the highest 9 i can give it.service  710it was a busy day but i felt that we waited for a long time in the lobby and it took longer than expected to be helped and served.	1
i expected more from this restaurant in terms of its service.	1
i can only say it was average at best.food 710i ordered chicken pineapple fried rice while my friends got the drunken noodles and curry.pineapple fried rice  it was presented in the shape of a bowl as you can see not that impressive but it was okay.	1
the flavor itself was not bad.	1
the pineapple was the best part of the dish naturally.	1
however overall i dont feel it was that much better than purportedly lower tier restaurants.	1
it was pretty much the same for me.my friends said that the curry was not that great but the drunken noodles were really good.probability of return 710if im in the mood for thai again id definitely be willing to stop by.	1
i think id try pad thai at my next visit though because this would give me a better baseline of how the food should be.to eat or not to eat if you like thai food go and eat it.	1
i think this restaurant is worth a shot.	1
i think i just ordered one of their weaker dishes.overall 810i bumped up my score because the restaurant was so nice looking.	1
stumbled upon this neighborhood gem while walking around through yelp we came here for a late lunch loved the different regional menu items.	1
we were able to get a table for 2 noticing the constant steady clients coming in which is always a good sign.	1
the atmosphere was elegant with the gold leaf chandelier.	1
we ordered lycheetini and beer while pursing the extensive menu.	1
we decided to stay with the traditional thai starting off with the chicken tom khan gai shrimp pad thai and penang chicken curry.	1
the food was excellent.	1
came out hot spicy level as we requested just wonderful.atomosphere very nice service very good food excellent had a interesting experience here... and when i say this i based on what took place.it was so hard booking a reservation online and even calling.	1
when i called the beginning of the week the said to come in and they would try to accommodate me at the time it was a party of 4 i had asked if i can book something out within the month and the host said it was all booked up for the month... its crazy but hey i understand.i called that morning for any cancellations and see how long the wait for a party of 8 to 10 would be no cancellations and a party of 8 to 10 maybe be an hour wait... was totally willing to wait i said okay and made my way down to the restaurant.when i got to the restaurant my party had become a party of 8. i asked the host if its possible to get a table and we were all willing to wait and she said the wait would be about an hour and a half and we may not be able to sit together but will try.	1
i said okay since we were waiting on a few more people.	1
when everyone finally arrived the hostess said there maybe a table that can fit all of us.	1
i was so happy since we had cake to celebrate a birthday.when we all got up she said the table was for a party of 6 and was willing to see if we were okay to squeeze all of us in... again we were willing to squeeze in to a table if that means being together celebrating and drinking.	1
after sometime waiting she refused to seat us... even though i begged saying it would work... she said no and basically that as that.	1
i feel like the host and other host lost their patients with us and basically turned away to help the next guest.had to leave and find somewhere else that was willing to seat a party of 8 for a birthday together.	1
first walking into this restaurant it was so beautiful excellent decor we started with the dumplings and the chicken satay which were both delicious.	1
for entres we got the read chicken curry and the royal pai thai.	1
the red curry was very good but the royal pai thai fell short.	1
i had purchased that one over the regular since it seemed to have extra items that made it more authentic but it was just meh.	1
overall i would definitely come back and maybe try different entres.	1
my absolute favorite thai place in the city.	1
service is always quick very tasty food.	1
i enjoy trying new dishes every time i go although i cant do without having their pad see ew.	1
their pad see ew and pad thai are the best ive ever had in the us.	1
perfect amount of salt and sugar not too greasy but not dry either.	1
the ambiance is unique and perfect for a date or celebration or friend catch up.	1
ive been here four times already and had a great time.	1
their specialty dishes are at least as good as the classics.	1
their tapioca dumplings are also to die for.	1
unbelievably delicious please go to this place i promise you you will fall in love with it  the decor was indeed interesting as others have said but the food was not so memorable for the price.	1
ironically i thought the most interesting flavors were in the complementary watermelon appetizer with salt and shallots i think.	1
amazing thai food love the atmosphere that they created.	1
very cozy and romantic.	1
they also have an upper lever for bigger groups.	1
staffs are very attentive and constantly refills your water.	1
i came here for lunch and got their lunch special which consists of an entree appetizer and soupsalad.	1
their soup was amazing its not miso soup.	1
i would definitely come back and try other things on the menu.	1
other people ordered some exotic items and looks so appetizing.	1
their scallion pancake for lunch special were really tiny i wish they came in a bigger size.	1
but it was so soft and chewy  perfect thai restaurant for a upscale yet affordable meal.	1
my crew made a reservation 2 weeks ahead.	1
we came for a graduation dinner on a tuesday evening.	1
there was a limited dinner availability so we chose a 6 pm time.	1
you are given a 15 minute window to arrive with your whole party and your meal time is limited to 2 hours.	1
we arrived on time and was seated immediately.	1
food afor appetizers we ordered yum yai salad on privileged mar hor on privileged and kao tang na tung on privileged and curry puffs.	1
the yum yai salad was my favorite of the appetizers.	1
it had shrimp pork chicken chinese sausage and a delicious hard boiled egg with a runny yolk delectable.	1
the mar hor had a tangy peanut sauce which was paired perfectly with a ripe pineapple.	1
the kao tang na tung was interesting.	1
it was on a flavorless rice cracker with a tasty crab coconut curry sauce topping.	1
the curry puffs would be my second favorite.	1
the puff was crafted perfectly crisp and light soo goodfor our main courses we had the kaeng run jun soup on privileged spare ribs tamarind kaeng chapoo phu on privileged pineapple shrimp fried rice and royal pad thai.	1
the kaeng run jun was very spicy but delicious and it contained tender beef.	1
i was told the spare ribs tamarind was also very good.	1
the kaeng chapoo phu was hot as heck wish i got a mild as you eat the heat builds until your tongue is numb and the food starts tasting bitter.	1
still good though the real crab meat in the curry was very flavorful and not from a crab meat stick.	1
service a our waiter was super patient and gave us many recommendations.	1
we just trusted him with everything.	1
they continuously checked on us making sure we had everything we needed.	1
they also helped serve the graduation cake.	1
decor a loved their interior design and decor.	1
it gave me a warm intimate and welcoming feeling.	1
fancy shmancy.for 6 people with alcoholic drinks the total was under 300 including tips.	1
loved the overall experience and will be back when im in town.	1
im giving this place extra stars for the decor and ambience.	1
i came here on a sunday evening for dinner and the place was packed but the hostess was able to squeeze us in an hour before our reservation.	1
there were a good amount of vegetarian options and they had the option of substituting tofu or vegetables.	1
i got the kee mao which was delicious and presented well but in terms of quantity its less than what i get at other places.	1
my bf got the thai red curry and im not a fan of thai red curry but this one was incredibly delish.	1
spicy tangy and sweet.	1
service was quick as well the only issue i had was with how close the tables were to each other but the place is very limited in space so cant do much about that.	1
four stars for the royal pad thai and decorwhen you walk into the dining area the decoration really is such a beautiful sight.	1
we were seated in a booth which was comfortable and spacious for 3 people.	1
the menu is intimidating.	1
there are different sections with starters entrees etc.	1
in each.	1
actually when we were ordering my one friend ordered a curry.	1
my other gasped saying she didnt even see curry as an option behind a fold of the menu so we needed more time before we could order we started with the papaya salad with shrimp.	1
this was very tasty  on par with any other papaya salad ive had but the shrimp were stand out split and grilled  very tasty.	1
we also got the crispy catfish salad.	1
meh at best.	1
where was the catfish it was just gross crispy breading which we ate around although there was a ton of it.	1
we asked the waitress and she said it was supposed to be like that.	1
pass.	1
i ordered the royal pad thai as my main.	1
it was incredible.	1
i was really hungry and finished the whole thing but it wasnt as enormous of a portion as you typically get.	1
the noodles were thin and perfectly cooked.	1
the seafood was delicious.	1
my friends enjoyed their panang curry and chicken stir fry as well two for lunch on a weekday so we ordered from the lunch specials which includes either soup or salad an appetizer plus entree for about 15 each.	1
i had panang curry with chicken hubby had pad krapraw with ground chicken.	1
they were both great but i thought mine was better next time i would ask for the panang to have more veggies as there was loads of chicken but not much sweet potato or green beans.	1
i have leftovers for breakfast today hurray we arrived about 1 with no reservation had a 15minute wait.	1
good service during the lunchtime rush.	1
after coming back from my honeymoon trip to thailand we had the craziest thai craving that no other food could satisfy.when we saw thai villa and the decor we were absolutely taken back to our honeymoon trip where we stay at a resort that was made entirely out of wood.	1
mind you our trip was only 10 days ago before coming to thai villa.we arrived around 7 pm and was blown away by the decor in person.	1
however the restaurant was freezing and the food when compared was a bit too new york... as in it was too fancy up	1
